James Best died Monday after a brief illness.
He was 88.
Best played bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard"
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed.
Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.
Obama refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia.
The Russian law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio is running for the GOP presidential nomination.
He says Rubio has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on Saturday April 18.
Tatiana Maslany has taken on at least six roles on the show so far.
"Game of Thrones" returns for a fifth season.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," a 911 caller says.
The ramp agent who took the untimely nap is an employee of Menzies Aviation.
He'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline's planes.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
Omar is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to $300 million.
Toya Graham tells CNN she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
Video of Graham slapping her son has led to the Internet calling her #motheroftheyear.
In Neolithic times trepanation was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines.
The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian.
Modern obsidian scalpels look nothing like the decorative flint-knapped knives of Neolithic man.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples.
That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
Since the Pew poll last fall, Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act sparked a nationwide controversy.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado.
Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings, and that is his legal defense.
Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday.
More than 4,600 people dead, more than 9,000 injured in Nepal.
Another natural disaster strikes in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
John Avlon: We set Baltimore on fire this time, but we let violence flow.
He says the only real answer can be to stop kidding yourself.
Indiana's religious freedom law is a copy of a federal law.
The law expands the scope of the law to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9.
"The change will come," Scott's brother says.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
Police dashcam video shows a fight in a Walmart parking lot.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "Use Me"
Patti Smith and Reed's widow Laurie Anderson shared the three rules for life.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and other charges.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it.
Thieves broke into the vault of a safe deposit company in the heart of London over the past holiday weekend.
They reportedly took advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes.
Police say they anticipate the process to take approximately two days.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stamped down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
A Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen.
A new initiative is underway to focus on the political process.
Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
The worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation.
If the assumptions are correct, she will be the first Princess of Cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
The city launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You"
Officer Michael Rapiejko says he thought he was too far to take a shot at the suspect.
He says he was worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders.
Video of the car striking Mario Valencia sparked nationwide debate on what type of force police should use.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage.
The Atlantic Music Expo aims to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
Tourism is expected to account for 20% of the country's GDP by 2024.
On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war.
Five men who months ago had one valuable skill NATO depended upon: they speak English.
The skill they once thrived off has left them isolated, and fearing reprisals.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
The talks were historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship.
More than 600 reporters were credentialed to cover the talks this week.
The Washington University of rowing team was practicing on Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis.
A swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams.
Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
Police release dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of Walter Scott.
The footage does not show the actual shooting.
A witness says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
Mocha, a Doberman pincher, recently ate three pieces of jewelry.
The 80-pound dog is "more goofy than scary," her owners say.
"It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up," owner says.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah.
At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links.
Yemen has been descending into chaos since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
Ines Dumig is a CENTER Grant Recipient for his photo series "Apart Together"
Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old.
She is currently under the status of "suspension of deportation"
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity"
They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's rape claim, lawsuit says.
Sulkowicz started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs.
The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday.
Odin Lloyd was found dead in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts.
Aaron Hernandez was arrested and charged with murder days after Lloyd's death.
Hernandez was one of the NFL's most promising tight ends, inking a $40-million contract extension.
A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors.
Local residents successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep slim hopes of winning title alive.
Aaron Ramsey's first half goal puts Arsenal within four points of first placed Chelsea.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting.
This week's six things to watch include "The Americans," "Vikings" and "Scorpion"
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says.
A year earlier, SOHR's tally stood at 162,402.
Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
The cell phone video reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans.
Protesters say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray.
Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury.
His family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped.
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video.
Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us place the economy on a true moral foundation.
The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth, social fairness and environmental sustainability.
"It is a very sad day for Kenya," Interior Ministry Secretary Joseph Nkaissery tweets.
The attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus.
At one point, they burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry "as soon as possible"
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students.
Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges.
Dead fish have appeared in Rio de Janeiro's Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon.
Officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death.
Last week, a sailor crashed into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
His brother says he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded.
The flurry of arrests -- at least 25 people have been detained since January -- is a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations begun when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression.
Lubitz had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train through Lufthansa's flight program.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
In practice, it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday.
DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," police say.
His parents, Ann and Gordon Getty, release a statement confirming their son's death.
Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
The Schedules that Work Act was introduced in Congress last summer.
Dean Obeidallah: Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality seemed more shaped by politics than the law.
He says the Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Khamenei's refusal to end uranium enrichment has landed the country under crippling sanctions.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
Iran's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation.
If all goes well, the project could go straight to series.
Jean Nidetch was an "overweight housewife obsessed with cookies"
She launched Weight Watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex.
Hunt is in custody and charges are pending.
Robert Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
She thought he could have "some involvement," but she would be the sole parent.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia, police say.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods.
She will stand charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
The telescope is scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana.
It will be able to operate for between five and 10 years, restricted only by the amount of fuel it has to maintain orbit.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were abducted in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria.
Malala: We should all feel shame: shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity.
Mohamed Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters outside the presidential palace.
Morsy is also standing trial in three other cases, including two on charges of espionage.
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened.
Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country.
Prince Jan Zylinski challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel.
He says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain.
Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.
Some health systems are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether it contributes to enhancing the patient experience.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Two other men -- identified as James Chmela and James Kalamaras -- were named as accomplices.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre.
She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer got a makeover.
YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on his own version using classic superhero footage.
Burns: "My brain immediately went to the classic "Batman" [TV series]
For the first time, 53% favor marijuana legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes.
The word revolution, comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around"
In anticipation of a scientific revolution, the production of research-grade marijuana has increased 30-fold.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, has been found guilty on every count of the Boston Marathon bombings.
Jurors will hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead.
A father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called "Princess"
The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago.
A draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed.
Asteroid 316201 is named after Malala Yousafzai.
The teenage education activist was wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman.
She recovered with no serious neurological damage.
Chief Justice John Roberts faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.
CDC: 95 people have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms.
The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say.
The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration, Prime Minister Tony Abbott says.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, scientists say.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July.
Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February.
He was set to be sentenced in May.
Authorities don't know how he got out of his two-man cell.
Andrew Getty, 47, died in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
Gordon Getty is one of three sons of J. Paul Getty, the richest man in the world.
Thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan's frontlines with ISIS.
In its fourth edition of "Dabiq," the ISIS online magazine outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
Bates says he meant to subdue Eric Harris with a Taser.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations.
Saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, a Saudi source says.
Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden.
The latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7, 2014.
Tom Brady tweets his love for his wife, model Gisele Bundchen.
Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
Brady and Bundchen have been married since 2009.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen.
"By having American sea power in the region, we have created options for ourselves," a Pentagon spokesman says.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week.
The focus will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
Her husband, James Brady, was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. in 1981.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works.
The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger.
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made.
Police are still looking for suspects.
Ben Powers played Thelma's (BernNadette Stanis) husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"
Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party are killed and another is wounded in clashes.
Four Turkish soldiers also are wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri.
The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers.
HBO has released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective"
The new season premieres June 21.
The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery.
The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, authorities say.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections.
New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said.
About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island.
Record breaking jockey AP McCoy wins Grand National.
Many Clouds wins by a length and a half.
Jockey Leighton Aspell wins last year's Grand National too.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is facing charges that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
He's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
SkyWest Airlines flight makes emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Passenger lost consciousness, received medical attention before being released.
Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford.
Police arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea.
The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat.
People magazine names Sandra Bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015.
The 50-year-old actress joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor.
David Frum: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment for Boston Marathon bombing.
He says Tsarnaev's lack of remorse is a far cry from remorse for the victims he's killed and maimed.
Frum: If we celebrate good character and heroic acts of our best young adults, why can't we condemn the cowardly viciousness of our worst?
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started shooting up heroin all day.
He spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing, cold turkey.
"I knew that my whole world was over, and I thought I was going to die," he says.
Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team.
He asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
"She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he says.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device.
The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
If convicted, the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez.
Vox has posted a handy "by the numbers" for Hillary Clinton's campaign video.
In reality, she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
"Mad Men" returns to AMC.
Billy Crystal returns to television.
Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he's a woman.
Social media reaction?  A cheer, a shrug -- and not much else.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are.
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.
A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
Authorities are pressing charges, and the woman plans to cooperate.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," a geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
Authorities issue a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
The U.N. says thousands more refugees are expected.
An Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on U.S. troops, a police chief says.
An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, he says.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Kardashians seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured, in much less than ideal circumstances.
One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas.
Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law.
Ruben Navarrette: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
At least two people are taken into custody, police say.
Protesters upset over the death of Freddie Gray scuffled with police.
Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
The eruption produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the two prior ones.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
The rocker will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
White will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students.
He says he wants to set the record straight, saying he never assaulted anyone.
The guru is the founder of Bikram's Yoga College of India.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity.
The reaction to this new lineup is a range of cheers and jeers.
U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
Saudi forces pounded southern Yemen with a fresh series of airstrikes Wednesday.
Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa on Wednesday.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India.
Hermann's project "Flower Man" is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals.
Viewers may see people or a dog appearing in a frame, or even birds flying in the sky.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
So she gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem.
Brynn Duncan's food allergies change so frequently, keeping track is almost pointless.
Her labradoodle, Moose, starts alerting, licking her hands frantically.
Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
The Canadian singer believes she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
Just two weeks after her supposed death, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated.
New research shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel announce the arrival of their son.
Silas Randall Timberlake was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday.
Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed Thursday by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
The killings renewed speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych.
Australia is appalled by the executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
Australia's actions raise questions about the powers we give to states.
The use of drone strikes has become a key part of America's continuing war on terror.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
Carey was the queen of the 1990s.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN student News Roll Call.
Warren Weinstein was taken hostage by al Qaeda in 2011.
His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says.
The money did not lead to the American aid worker's release.
Hillary Clinton announces she will run for president in 2016.
The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
Clinton's supporters are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors.
A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own.
Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car and buried in a field.
She has been receiving care at the Veterinary Teaching Hospital.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons.
NASA scientist: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade"
"We know where to look. We know how to look," Ellen Stofan says.
FBI confirms that Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in January.
Marwan was believed to be a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Justice Anthony Kennedy returned to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
The Memphis Grizzlies small forward had to have open heart surgery.
Green is using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Regina Agyare is a tech entrepreneur who teaches local teens how to code.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18.
The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
Record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
The U.S. is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
The United Nations' climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement.
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the "Great Satan"
But President Obama has given Tehran an easy exit, writes Peter Bergen.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia given 72 hours notice.
Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"Mad Men" is about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times.
The last season ended with the moon landing in July 1969.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached.
The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500.
Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of the fight.
Camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
People line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies.
The tiny shop, located in Tsim Sha Tsui, is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies"
An internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in 2009 concluded that Robert Bates was shown special treatment.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris.
The sheriff's office has not responded to repeated calls for comment from CNN.
The airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights.
Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported.
Muna Mansour is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students.
The school is about 500 meters (one-third of a mile) from the Al Bastain School in Maitam.
Maggie Doyne is the founder of the BlinkNow Foundation in Nepal.
The foundation raises nearly 50 children, from infants to teenagers.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off"
The powerful storm has already claimed four lives.
Cathay Pacific forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong.
One of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
Passengers were forced to wait in the seats on board the Boeing 777 for more than two hours.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
But that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators.
To assuage any fears, we asked John Swartzberg, M.D., to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, military source says.
Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began.
The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of Thursday's attack.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%, according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Reports.
Kylie Jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the lip-plumping trend she inspired.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima, 64, is accused of photographing an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14.
He says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women during repeated visits to the Philippines.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans.
But officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East.
The Saudi military intervention in Yemen has all but raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels.
Britain's elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis.
The elected parliament consists of 650 seats, each representing a different number of constituents.
Only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat.
David Frum: It's time for liberals to look local.
He says liberals have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.
Frum: The most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao clash in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a baby early Friday evening.
There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
Katie is one of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to "toss her head around"
Loretta Lynch is the first African-American woman attorney general.
The Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote have not been scheduled.
Lynch cleared the committee February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight.
Most staff members and civilians have been rescued.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
Barker hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling a tow company employee.
Frida Ghitis: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
Ghitis: We're obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal -- celebrating them, compensating them.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez is known for his swagger.
His mother once asked permission from a court officer to touch her son.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria.
The nationwide recall is voluntary.
Kentucky Wildcats beaten 71-64 by Wisconsin Badgers in NCAA men's basketball Final Four.
Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in first contest of the night.
National player of the year finalist Frank Kaminsky led Wisconsin with 20 points.
Wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished.
David Frum: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in Boston Marathon bombing.
He says we need to understand what radicalizes Muslims.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters final.
Serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches.
Djokovic has followed up with Masters' victories at Indian Wells and Miami.
"We need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," organizer says.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims.
The attack at a university in Garissa killed 147 people, mostly students.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song"
The 7-inch single will be available for sale on Saturday.
Hawking's version is available for download.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" this weekend.
He paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman"
The show also poked fun at CNN.
Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio in the 1980s and '90s.
Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about the controversial Indiana religious freedom law.
Brett McGurk says ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically"
The U.S. has stepped up efforts to involve Sunni groups in the fight against ISIS.
McGurk stressed the importance of working with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
She had never seen herself actually dancing.
African investors are bringing to London the best of the continent.
They mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Yong Soo Lee, 16, was forced into sexual slavery by Japanese soldiers during World War II.
She is just one of over 200,000 women from Korea, China, Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations.
When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addresses a Joint Meeting of Congress, he has an opportunity to do right by these women.
Frida Ghitis: McDonald's raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a victory for workers.
Ghitis: It leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos.
The Finance Police's ship, the Calabrese, patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
He says the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action.
"What started as a devious ploy to gain admission to medical school turned into a twisted social experiment," he says.
South Korean investigators say they have proof of the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters.
North Korea has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years.
Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian.
ISIS beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the group.
Psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski says they may be encouraging copy-cat acts.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event.
The 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra.
The 30-year-old prince will spend four weeks with the country's military.
He will train in urban settings and patrol the Australian bush.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president.
He says there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton.
SpaceX says it will try to land a Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean.
The company says the odds of a successful landing are about 50%.
This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck.
The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but the flight crew told him to stay seated.
Minatel was traveling with his teammates from the Ottawa Fury Football Club.
A former banker, 29-year-old Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in Wan Chai.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich is published May 5.
Peter Schweizer: The issues raised by the book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a woman says.
A video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field.
"If one person is in need, we'll all be there for them," a truck driver says.
"It was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004.
His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in to authorities last year.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter tells CNN.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers.
"Many dead. Much more badly injured," says a mountaineer.
Michael Slager's five-year career with the North Charleston Police Department ends.
He resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop.
His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba in September, the Vatican says.
The trip will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
Francis is expected to continue his international activism in July.
Mui Thomas is the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis.
She suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection.
Mui has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
The lyrics to the famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday.
McLean told Rolling Stone that it was time to part with the manuscript.
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make Ferguson 50% black.
Ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the City Council is predominantly white.
"I'm more interested in having quality on the council," says Wesley Bell.
Commissioner-general Pierre Krähenbühl will visit the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
There have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds.
His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
Some commentators focused on Abbott's drinking technique.
Heather Mack, 19, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for killing her mother.
Sheather Mack gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago.
Tommy Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years for battering her to death.
An explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe kills at least five people.
The explosion happened after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Security Council discusses humanitarian situation at Russia's behest.
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of airstrikes.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The possibility, which would add a dimension of international intrigue, was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal.
Pope Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the U.S.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam.
There's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud dies at the age of 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He led Australia into an era of world dominance as a player.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Her quest has uncovered a fascinating collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
The note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government"
The need to protect constitutions and elections is a rather strange message from an absolute monarchy.
The total eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
A partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors.
It was the first time the probe had been used.
Robert Durst is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when Slager pulled it over.
Video shot by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back as he runs away.
Slager's lawyer says he has not received the cooperation from law enforcement.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" fetched $137,000 at an auction.
The outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was sold at an Auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents.
Sharry was eight months pregnant when Smith fell and hit his head.
The family photo has become a social media sensation.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says.
The Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them.
The overturned convertible was smoldering when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway.
The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious.
Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, they scrambled to save her.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember him.
Walker's co-star and close friend Vin Diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening.
The New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world.
It was opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of China.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game.
She was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police on April 12; he was not properly buckled in.
Frida Ghitis: The charging document in this case gives us more information than the now-viral video of the arrest.
She says a stop and frisk is not the same as an arrest.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, unveils colorful new livery.
The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone.
John Avlon: National Get Tested Month is morphing into National get testeded Month.
Avlon: Freedom to test won't save money, but it will cost people real money.
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American held hostage by al Qaeda.
He was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January.
Aiko Chihira is an android designed to look and move like a real person.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
One group that seems willing to embrace robots are Japan's senior citizens.
Texas A&M professor threatens to fail entire class.
Irwin Horwitz: "I will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal"
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's Prime Minister says.
Doctors Without Borders president compares the high number of deaths to "figures from a war zone"
The Italian Coast Guard says at least 24 bodies have been recovered so far.
The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events.
It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending.
The driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
Frida Ghitis: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
The Taliban fractured, young men disillusioned and angry -- could not be worse.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City in 1979.
His disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing.
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst.
The ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street.
Some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them.
Loretta Lynch will take the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line.
Lynch will need to make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse.
Russian spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter Earth's atmosphere.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in May.
Russian flight controllers continue their efforts to make contact with Progress 59.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates says he mistook his firearm for a stun gun.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable.
He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
A photo shows a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground.
It could have been one the National Weather Service warned about.
There have been no reports of deaths.
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
CyArk is a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
Ben Kacyra was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner.
CyArk uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the crash site, a police official says.
The crash killed all 150 people on board the Germanwings Flight 9525.
Authorities say the flight's co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, locked the captain out of the cockpit.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
The focus today is on those lost at sea.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
Both companies have a history of social activism.
Michael Brown's death in Ferguson, Missouri, and Walter Scott's in North Charleston, South Carolina, have similarities.
What's changed between Ferguson and North Charleston?
What lessons have been learned from both police and the public?
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
The FAA has issued a certificate that certifies that a pilot is knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules.
Aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control via a specific four-digit transponder code.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder.
The judge also lowers Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million.
Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
The tell-all will look at the rise of the cast of "Full House"
It will explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high.
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
"We've dropped some crazy things out," Lockheed test pilot Steve Knoblock says.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
But Cuba's attempts to rebrand itself as an open, diverse society stumbled Wednesday.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California.
He gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
V. Stiviano has been ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts.
Donald Sterling's wife sued her after she accused him of targeting wealthy older men.
Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT Tuesday on the report of a medical emergency.
Mitchell, 71, is currently in intensive care undergoing tests.
A massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday Saturday.
Many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings.
Others crowded around rubble, including men and women racing to rescue those trapped.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, were killed.
The couple was youth pastors at a church near Bonney Lake.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10.
A microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.
Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.
The Guard's language is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers' actions in putting down riots.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations.
The Gospel of Luke gives us a glimpse of how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
The California Public Utilities Commission orders PG&E to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
"PG&E failed to uphold the public's trust," the commission president says.
At least 54 people have died and 15 are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
Of the people on board, 78 were Russians.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading Western news websites.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
The study's authors have named it the "Great Cannon" and it operates in plain sight.
Iraqi forces take control of the northern city of Tikrit.
They are aided by Shiite militiamen.
Officials fear reprisals for the reported massacre of Shiite air force cadets.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
In Arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Günter Grass, 87, is best known for his novel "The Tin Drum"
Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
He has sparked controversy in the last decade.
Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex.
Dean Obeidallah: Frank's "we're winning" declaration was oddly timed, too.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013.
She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph University when she was diagnosed.
"Today has been the best day I've ever had," Hill said.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
The city of Aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government.
Frida Ghitis: U.S. drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage on Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
Ghitis: The use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen enthusiasm surrounding reconciliation is part of pattern.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January.
He hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express.
"I thought I lost you," the relieved father said.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance.
She was shot dead at point-blank range after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi.
Mahmud's killing broke hearts for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS.
It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged.
Native American actors walk off the set of Adam Sandler's "The Ridiculous Six"
They say the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women.
Sandler had not commented publicly on the walkout as of Friday morning.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He has been U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's opposite number in nuclear talks.
The feds investigated him over his alleged role in controlling the Alavi Foundation.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
She started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her.
Schwartz: "What do our students need? How can we best serve them?"
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
New research suggests Shakespeare's "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
They created a "psychological signature" of each author based on word choices.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she won't slack off on her calls for breaking up banks.
Julian Zelizer: Democrats need to make a choice about how much to highlight issues relating to inequality.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
For some communities, the group is the local governing authority.
The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage tied first with 21% of the vote.
Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs.
Miliband has been given a hard time by the British media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich.
David Frum: President Obama refuses to look at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
Frum: The body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas.
The Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China.
The plane is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
Pilot Bertrand Piccard and engineer Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying.
Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign.
There will be speculation about her foreign policy, certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign.
French prosecutor says he is not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that a cell phone video was recovered from a phone at the crash site.
A Gendarmerie spokesman says the reports are "completely wrong" and "unwarranted"
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime.
He was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace, killing at least 10 people.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where militants killed 15 people in February.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described Yarmouk as "the deepest circle of hell"
The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children, writes U.S. ambassador to Syria.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Varvara's journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry apologized for her comments about a towing company employee.
Julian Zelizer: McHenry showed that she either forgot "golden rule" lessons from childhood.
Kate Parker shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says we are approaching HEAVEN.
He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient.
Canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in central Florida.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
The center is also focused on breeding the animals.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko has an important title defense coming up.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American challenger Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz.
His lawyers say he made up his account of the crime.
The boy's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning.
Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery"
The awards are set to be handed out June 7.
Gao Yu was convicted of revealing state secrets and sentenced to seven years in prison.
The 71-year-old was detained in late April of last year ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown.
Her lawyer says the authorities extracted the confession by threatening her son's safety.
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Mexico defended the move, saying it followed proper protocol.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org.
"My flight is not a secret," the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post.
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan says Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
The dogs would have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing, police say.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "Purge: Anarchy"
In the movies, people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs roam the streets.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest.
But a handful of people repeated the family's message.
They became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," Lesa Strachan says.
"To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference," she says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man.
The suit said Luis Colon was yanked from the car, handcuffed and choked.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900.
He has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
John Avlon: Lincoln's nemesis on the Supreme Court, Chief Justice Roger Taney, embraced slavery.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
The violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with "#WeAreAfrica" showcasing the need for a common front.
Blue Bell ice cream temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination.
Public health officials warn consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty.
"We have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible," attorney David Bruck says.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested overnight in Chicago.
Authorities had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday.
He jumped a correctional officer at Kankakee's Jerome Combs Detention Center.
Actress Alyssa Milano was furious after Heathrow Airport confiscated breast milk.
Milano was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a "romantic getaway"
A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
Read week one and week two of this series.
The first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse is released.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3.
Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums.
Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is an important ally of the United States.
One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri.
The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence.
The defense portrayed Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
Jahar was portrayed in the testimony of five of his former teachers as a smart, sweet kid.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Jeremy Renner plays Hawkeye on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in "Avengers"
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also get seven years on probation.
Baxter had come under fire for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators.
India delivered 187 tons of supplies to Nepal on Sunday alone.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited Nepal twice in his first year in office.
David Frum: Major League Baseball postponed two games after Freddie Gray's death.
Frum: Baseball's sense of nostalgia encompassed by places like Camden Yards does not sit well with African Americans.
South African troops deploy to areas where police are spread too thin.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25%, according to government figures.
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Ben and Shelby Offrink were married and raising two small children in Caledonia, Michigan.
Shelby's cancer had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Ben is now on generalized chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay.
Edwin Sabuhoro is a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
He volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was killed.
It's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
She posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling.
The clinic fired Lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Eyewitness video shows white North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting to death an unarmed black man.
The video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times as Scott runs away.
It's unclear what happened before Scott ran, or why he ran.
California imposes mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms.
Gov. Jerry Brown orders cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25%.
The reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Most of the parks that charge a fee are free year-round.
The park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #NationalParkWeek.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
The driver, Michael Jones, was sentenced to life in prison.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies.
Some organizations have set up recruitment drives online, featuring applications for foreign fighters.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January.
Bar owners and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery.
The group says it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel.
The 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is Friday.
Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
A growing number of scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
The taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter confirm.
Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
He also was known for his musical parodies.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias.
Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck"
Frances says Kurt sacrificed "every bit of who he was to his art"
Crew of alleged poaching vessel rescued by conservationists.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner have apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
Renner: "I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on all 30 counts in the Boston Marathon bombings.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Tsarnaev's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings.
Tennessee district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals.
Frida Ghitis: Some have claimed this practice "evokes a dark corner of American history"
She says sterilization is linked to the controversial "eugenics" movement.
Google is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks.
This year the company rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5.
This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014.
There are more treatment facilities than demand in Liberia and Sierra Leone.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," wounded veteran Nicholas Connole says.
Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix.
A second season will be coming in 2016.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the quality of student-athletes' education.
The NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries"
Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's Fujian province sparked a huge fire.
The plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel.
Mission controllers confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of Mercury, as anticipated.
The probe was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott.
He says a police body camera might have prevented the entire tragedy.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha.
Many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the U.S. and Cuba.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow.
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back.
Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at Walter Scott as Scott ran away from a traffic stop.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches.
The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, an Interior Minister says.
Martin O'Malley is using YouTube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion.
Hillary Clinton is a big fan of President Obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style.
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on April 12 without incident.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Gray subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky on Thursday and Friday.
Hillary Clinton will launch her presidential campaign in Brooklyn on Tuesday.
The announcement will be a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Clinton.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.
His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries.
Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs inexorably.
U.S. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang, 15, was buried under a multistory residential building in Kathmandu's hard-hit neighborhoods.
He was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace.
India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen.
Some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston says.
New York and Washington have authorized the use of syringe exchange programs.
David Frum: These programs reduce the reuse and sharing of dirty syringes.
Frum: They also offer preventive health services, such as HIV testing and counseling.
Armenia marks 100th anniversary of mass killings, which is marked on April 24.
Authors: Despite setbacks, Armenians will continue to speak out and hopefully find hallowed ground.
Three Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler also convicted.
The men were arrested in October 2013 following an FBI sting operation.
A plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard.
Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident.
President Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro are meeting in Panama.
Julian Zelizer: The U.S. has been losing ground in this increasingly important region.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit pairs middle-school students with professional musicians.
Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours.
The agency says it is evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places.
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted and killed in January 2012.
He was working on a reconstruction project in Pakistan.
Two years later, he was killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Photos appeared on social media of young, smiling boys in soccer uniforms.
Li Lifei, 26, has been trying for six months to get a Chinese license plate.
He says he doesn't want to use a huangniu, or middleman, to obtain the coveted registration.
Another option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reports.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
She is unconscious but expected to survive.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound.
Through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user.
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's youngest billionaire.
He started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15.
His Mara Group spans over 20 countries.
Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza.
The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175.
Banksy's graffiti in Gaza has become an attraction after he visited in February.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional.
Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized unless the truth is acknowledged.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire.
The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Joseph Kent was arrested after a citywide curfew went into effect.
His lawyer says he is still trying to get in touch with his client after he was released.
Rapper Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch.
Drake performed "Madonna," a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape.
Maysak has lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean.
It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the safety of the deputies and their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
There was no further explanation, from Moscow or Pyongyang, as to why he wouldn't head west.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant"
Key publicly apologized to a waitress after she complained about his behavior.
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days, deputy governor says.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
The amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery.
Deion Sanders Jr. called out his son on Twitter.
The elder Sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in the streets of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group.
Residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency Bernama reports.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff.
Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States, was chairman of PR1MA Malaysia.
One of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in England.
A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead.
He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, an Australian law enforcement operation.
Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives.
Medical records reveal Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy.
Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, source says.
Kathmandu is a city where buildings have been abandoned.
People are outside in the rain with no shelter.
Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days.
"We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says.
More than 100 people are arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Police in Malegaon, western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for cows.
Residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features'
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds.
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
At least six people have been killed in xenophobic attacks in South Africa.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners are taking jobs from citizens.
The nation has about 2 million documented and undocumented immigrants.
A huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific has grown this year.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
The blob also is affecting life on land.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell.
The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest.
Don McLean's "American Pie" is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock.
The 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics is sold for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.
Thousands seek refuge in temporary shelters in South Africa.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead.
Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand's military seized power last May.
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain.
She married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles.
Myopia rates have doubled in most of East Asia over the last 40 years.
In South Korea, myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% in 2011.
Researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy, free and readily-available.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches.
The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power.
ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of the Baiji refinery a week ago.
Iraq is working to fortify the facility's defenses, the coalition says.
Rishi Khanal was rescued after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble.
Khanal, 27, had just undergone surgery and was resting, surrounded by family and friends.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake struck.
Millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should make the announcement.
He says such stunts and theatrics are part and parcel of politics.
Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack, Interior Minister says.
Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
The attack left 104 people injured, including 19 who are in critical condition.
Hatton Garden heist is not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins.
Many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions.
In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
In some areas of China, the hiring of professional mourners is commonplace.
China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day.
Customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers"
The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s.
Thorpe's background was not in photojournalism, but in landscape photography.
Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
He's tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
The movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million.
It remains perhaps the best (and certainly most quotable) of the bunch.
The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience.
The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry, died at the scene.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed at a fan festival.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the anthology film.
The movie won't begin shooting until this summer so the footage won't necessarily appear in the finished product.
UNICEF says 16 tons of medical supplies have landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa.
Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed.
About 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa, UNHCR says.
Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters.
He says he wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time.
PreGracke earned the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution.
He will be shipped to one of the most high-tech jails in the United States with no history of breakouts.
The prison system has yet to determine where to initially place Hernandez.
Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
The defense has wrapped up 131 witnesses in less than a day.
Much of the evidence is circumstantial.
Jeffrey Sutton is the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
His opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans.
Critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight.
A century ago, some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp.
The Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes, ditches and pipes.
Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day.
The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit.
Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
He wound up in the cave at least that long ago after falling into a prehistoric well.
Anthony Stokes was rejected for heart transplant in 2013.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him.
A week after his story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a jewelry heist.
The thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds.
Martin O'Malley says inevitability is not unbreakable.
The former Maryland governor says the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders"
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated.
The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
The pair were arrested in April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696.
Steve Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille had the last fence down and narrowly avoided a time fault.
Flight 448 had been bound for Los Angeles.
Pilot reported hearing unusual banging.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957.
It has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk.
Russian President Vladimir Putin holds annual Q&A session.
Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denied the allegations in January.
South Korean intelligence agents say Kim Jong Un has executed 15 senior officials so far this year.
The nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations was also not immediately clear.
Providenciales in Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island.
Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year.
Only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list.
Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son.
"Odin was the backbone of the family," his mother says.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred at a nearby university.
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men were charged.
Ted Cruz says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels.
The Texas senator is the only official contender in the race.
He's campaigning in Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base.
Russia cancels Kim's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of WWII.
Peter Bergen: Possible explanation is that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
Marvel Studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring Paul Bettany.
Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil"
In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving.
Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria.
Joss Whedon is accused of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard.
Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
NATO's Joint Warrior war games are underway off and around Britain's coast.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
Hockey player Jarret Stoll was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort.
Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
The Kings, who won the Stanley Cup two of the past three seasons, did not make the NHL playoffs this season.
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather.
Julian Zelizer: PBS had the choice to include the information or leave it out.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli, when she tried to repel a bee.
The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
After more than an hour of searching, the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Slager is also "terminated" from the North Charleston, South Carolina, police department.
Scott's brother says his brother was running for his life to escape more of the Taser.
Abe has been ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia.
This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea.
Police identify the suspect as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III.
The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building.
A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that Argentina tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing.
The move by prosecutor Javier de Luca could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation.
French-language TV5Monde loses control of one of its 11 channels.
Network lost control of its social media outlets and its websites.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Hundreds are believed to have been executed by ISIS in June 2014.
Iraqi soldiers saluted the dead by firing seven shots into the air.
Marilyn Mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby, who represents areas of West Baltimore.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Critics say the FDA is not doing enough.
Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The cult 1990s television show was set to return in 2016.
Showtime Network released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their lawyer says.
They were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou a few days before International Women's Day.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
He says the thrill of discovery doesn't get any better than his encounter with Lagunita's monster portal.
Det. Ian Cyrus is suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid.
Cyrus could not be reached for comment.
Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, a spokesman says.
The Islamist militant group has battled the country's government for years.
Officer Michael Rapiejko drove his car into an armed suspect, police say.
Marana police chief Terry Rozema says deadly force was authorized.
Video of the incident has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's sentencing phase will begin Tuesday.
David Frum: The Boston Marathon trial made clear that the system does work.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
The battle with Al-Shabaab is not a new one, and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
Sen. Rand Paul announced he will run for president in Louisville, Kentucky.
In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff.
Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two Shia Muslim opponents.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced President Hadi from power.
The new law will take effect in six months.
It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21.
The state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
It was not clear Monday whether Gov. David Ige would sign the bill.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate.
As with all things relating to the monarchy, there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds.
Health leaders in Iowa said more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected at a commercial laying facility there.
Mohamed Badie and 13 others are sentenced to death by hanging.
They face charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities.
One of those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamad Soltan.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
The National Weather Service says a tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri.
The "religious freedom" bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard.
Peter Bergen: For the past three decades, socially conservative evangelicals have been powerfully allied against government regulations.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
Chase didn't reveal whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
A judge could have sentenced Arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years.
A study by We the People found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
The U.S. is failing its partners, says David Frum.
Violent extremists are making troubling gains, he says.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The EPA is investigating whether the family was made ill after a fumigation.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer in 1994.
Scarver said Dahmer would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home.
She was freed by an Indian rescue team, apparently protected by a beam.
Sitoula says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children.
Lazar: "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering"
Many of the survivors broke down in tears during his interviews.
Dean Obeidallah: Rolling Stone article about purported gang rape was flawed.
He says there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
Keefe died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
For the fifth year in a row in 2014, ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths.
Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata.
An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel.
"The Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement.
Food Policy Action has produced a legislative scorecard.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish"
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls Iran's nuclear deal a historic mistake.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran.
He took his case to the U.S. Congress over the objections of President Barack Obama.
Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth about Bobby Drake.
"There are thousands if not millions of stories of people who, for many different reasons, felt the need to hide their sexuality"
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
John Avlon: U.S.-Iranian relationship is "overmatched"
Avlon: Iran's way back into the global economy is as a result of the nuclear issue.
Aaron Hernandez is convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
The jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses.
They reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial.
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
The ramp agent appeared to be in OK after the ordeal.
NPR's "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians" is a new story.
Dean Obeidallah: It's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading, hyperbolic and dangerous distraction.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street"
Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack.
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to "Zoolander 2"
Ben Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film's production in Italy.
The fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather won't "save" boxing, says John Avlon.
Avlon: Boxing isn't fading away because we've finally awoken to its brutality.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
The FBI is investigating.
Two of al Qaeda's leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January, al Qaeda says.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students.
Hicks turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
The victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime.
An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women’s rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials.
For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets.
They found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean.
The island is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future.
It is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town.
Jay Z took to Twitter to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal.
He used the hashtag #TidalFacts to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942.
It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver.
The sinking was the stuff of legend.
At least 147 people were killed in the attack at Garissa University College.
The bodies of four Al-Shabaab attackers remain where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
Julian Zelizer: What exactly is "service of process"?
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis.
The Houthis are the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen.
Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the sanctions.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, study finds.
Women's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012.
The cost of excessive drinking has been estimated at more than $220 billion per year.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Showjumping comes here for the showbiz -- Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"
Ruben Navarrette: Gates missed an opportunity to confront the past.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese.
HUD: 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport.
Police say the scheme worked: A male TSA officer would alert a female TSA officer.
That information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area.
Somali woman's baby was born a week after she was detained.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
In Malta, there are similar stories of death.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
"The regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," says Lee.
Several hundred people gather in Union Square for "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore"
Protesters chant "Black Lives Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" in Washington.
In Los Angeles, six people protesting against police brutality were arrested Monday night when they failed to disperse.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days.
Many immigrants fear they'll be attacked if they go to work.
President Jacob Zuma has postponed an overseas visit.
J.J. Abrams and the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off for the audience.
The audience gasped, cheered and applauded.
It wasn't CGI, either, as much of the movie was filmed on actual sets.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Full screening of airport employees would not lower overall risk to public, report says.
Full physical screening of employees also "is incapable of determining a person's motivations"
Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announces immediate actions.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
One person may have died.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died Thursday, his family says.
Schuller was the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch.
He was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore.
Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform.
The fire had been extinguished by Wednesday night, Pemex said.
Valerie Braham was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris.
Her husband, Philippe Braham, was laid to rest in Jerusalem's Givat Shaul cemetery.
A New York Police Department detective apologizes for an angry exchange with an Uber driver.
Patrick Cherry faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance.
"I was just angry, at that moment, for that exchange," Cherry says.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
NOAA researchers surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone.
The drone used a three-dimensional sonar system provided by Coda Octopus to get images.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family"
She died Monday at home in Laughlin, Nevada.
Four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
A fashion company CEO in New York thought it was just one.
The splendor of such a scene can render us speechless, even emotional.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signed a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
The law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion"
Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warned it was dangerous.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks," government says.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad.
The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a government spokesman says.
Nigeria's Muhammadu Buhari says he will fight corruption and go after the root of unrest.
Buhari defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million votes.
The election was originally scheduled for February 14, but was delayed six weeks.
A map of quake destruction shows many houses -- old and new -- torn apart.
The Kasthamandap temple had caved in and Temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust.
Locals were searching for survivors, but progress was slow.
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto.
If approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Bi Fujian is a popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire.
He was caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong.
The 75-second video clip was seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for "poor choice of words"
Harrison says he meant no disrespect to Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky.
Kaminsky says he is "over it"
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
A predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if sanctions are removed, President Hassan Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz estimates it would take six months for sanctions to be lifted.
Oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead for 87 straight days.
The federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf.
BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings.
The death penalty is on the table.
Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Six police officers were suspended in the wake of Gray's death.
A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol was a suicide, police say.
Witnesses say dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children.
The Capitol area was crowded with tourists taking in the Cherry Blossom trees.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks.
Many South Africans used Twitter to denounce the recent violence.
Frida Ghitis: Italy will always be a bridge between Africa and Europe.
Ghitis: Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism.
Oskar Gröning, 93, is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews at Auschwitz.
Peter Bergen: The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video is filled with women working in their gardens, taking care of their kids.
Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present.
The challenge for Clinton is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters.
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
The charge could land Bates in prison for up to four years if he's found guilty.
Bates' attorney says the shooting was an "excusable homicide"
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack.
Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, says he has reached a breaking point.
He says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, officials say.
No arrests have been made.
Saudi Arabia's navy controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only medical goods to pass its blockade.
The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal.
Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
Nepal's neighbor India deploys teams to Kathmandu almost immediately.
Iran and six world powers agreed to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action"
It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression.
The grandmother of two was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south.
"If it wasn't for my mother, I would have been on the streets," her daughter says.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the Mumbai terror attacks.
India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned his bail release on Friday.
Katie Donovan and Dalton Prager met on Facebook.
Dalton has Burkholderia cepacia, a dangerous infection for people with CF.
Katie's pulmonologist lectured her that face-to-face meetings with other CF patients were a bad idea.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour.
Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed.
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
She died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer.
One cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours in Western India.
Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year.
A plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2.
Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
The incident has raised concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
The Nebraska native, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit.
Baltimore's police commissioner says no reports will be made public.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she doesn't want to "seek justice for optics"
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Initial reaction on social media appeared favorable -- "My daughter will be a big fan I think," wrote NerdGallagher.
Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture.
His "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret"
Hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at Karlsruhe University.
We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525.
The latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police say.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- is still at large.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness.
"Transparent," about an aging father who begins living as a woman, won two top awards at the Golden Globes.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police have seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use.
Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission, with 76 severely wounded.
CNN cameraman Byron and his crew traveled to Aden to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
They were met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting.
Some of the refugees took over their ship's galley -- the kitchen.
Italy estimates up to 200,000 migrants in Libya are waiting to cross, following 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived in Italy last year.
EU critics called for much tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges.
Mohamud allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans.
Jon Cryer re-creates the famous record-store dance from "Try a Little Tenderness"
Many of the film's original fans are well into middle age.
President Barack Obama meets with Raul Castro for an hour.
The two leaders are working to end the Cold War enmity.
A key stumbling block -- Cuba's place on the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terror -- remains unresolved.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since 1979.
A top Iranian sports official says that the ban will be lifted for some events.
The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
The story tells of imprisoned villains recruited by a government agency to perform covert operations.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services, is also fined $804,000.
Raju and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail for their role in what has been dubbed India's biggest corporate scandal in memory.
A complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna.
DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel, specifically a "Tulu"
Taylor Swift says her mom has cancer.
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
An Alaska Airlines employee asked her how she was doing.
She responded by saying she sometimes felt weak.
Roseanne Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The two eye diseases get progressively worse over time and can steal vision.
There is no cure for either disease.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world with her launch of her campaign.
Zelizer: She opened a long communications campaign to completely reframe who she is.
Davion Navar Henry Only was 16 when he asked a church to help him find a home.
He spent his entire life in foster care, bouncing from one home to another.
A video of his plea went viral.
Netflix has ordered a reunion special and a spinoff series.
The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as D.J. Tanner.
Bure played the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
A small group of 117 migrants arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday.
They were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend.
John Avlon: U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education.
Avlon: We are losing the race to educate our citizens.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
Netanyahu says Iran is a country of "congenital cheating" and can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal.
Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran.
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu.
Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded, police say.
No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
Saudi Arabia executes a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta.
Indonesia is facing criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row.
The Indonesian government said the protection of its citizens abroad was a "priority"
The shootings were connected, authorities say.
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau.
A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
World's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, according to WWF report.
The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a WWF report released Thursday, Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
Hassan Rouhani says his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal.
The deal sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
She is not allowed Internet access in prison.
"The Dark Knight Returns," published in 1986, is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
Now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda.
One Israeli citizen is killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack.
A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are making their debut album.
The sisters were forced to flee Mogadishu after war broke out in 1991.
They are now embarking on a musical journey, gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
Koch Industries will remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions.
The move is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records.
Corinthian Colleges Inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses.
Dean Obeidallah: We can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges.
Online activity has emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
Jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
The biggest jailer of journalists in the world is China.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic.
The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean.
"We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," says an American activist.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev will leave the show at the end of this season.
"I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead," she said.
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
Kim Jong Un will visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
Russia has invited more than 60 world leaders to the celebrations.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s.
Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
The Syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
There are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" trailer arrives in December.
Gisele Bundchen walks what she says was her last fashion-show runway this week.
Les Moonves' waiter offered Moonves an "in" to Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.
Gabriel Salvador is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods"
The May 2 fight is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14 for murder.
He was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery.
The remains of another man were found in a duffel bag Saturday.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
The photographer had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him.
West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became the Democratic candidate for president.
But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, he says.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire"
Blackwater said its convoy came under attack, and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated.
Michael Slager, a white police officer, killed an unarmed black man after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Dean Obeidallah: The event raises broad, troubling questions about how often such incidents take place.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" in a speech to commemorate a century since the Armenian massacre.
He cited a document signed by John Paul II and the head of the Armenian church.
Turkey recalls its Vatican ambassador for "consultations"
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians.
Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations"
Armenians are equally upset, when Turkey protests it.
Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks have been released.
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March.
TV5Monde loses control of its social media outlets and its websites.
The network says it was "hacked by an Islamist group"
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis recalls the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200.
Her husband, Adam Davis, has since "bravely admitted himself into a mental facility," she says.
The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
Natalie La Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "Somebody"
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone.
Migrants have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
Italy has been sanctioned by the European Union for not fingerprinting new arrivals.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
Now he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
A big-hearted cop and a case worker determined to untangle major bureaucracy.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Organizers say this year, public interest is especially strong.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Sally Kohn: Kennedy has apologized for the wrong things.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala.
The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages.
In 2012, a class-action lawsuit was filed against the U.S. government over the Guatemala experiments.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth is the second-youngest winner of the Masters, behind only Woods.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
A doubleheader scheduled for May 28 following unrest in Baltimore remains tense.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak to a joint meeting of Congress.
David Frum: Abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month's speech to Congress.
U.S. officials say they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed.
But in dusty eastern Afghanistan, it seems exorbitant in terms of its cost.
President Obama and Raul Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president.
But she says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Warren says the two Republican candidates who have gotten into the race have disqualified themselves.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
She is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant.
The center was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
Community leaders say it was also spurred by lasting issues with young African-Americans.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says.
The deal would cut off every pathway Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon.
Iranian state television broadcast Obama's speech live, something many Iranians described as unprecedented.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Court documents allege that Baltimore Police Department Officer Garrett Miller arrested Gray.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do.
"My only wish is to set the record straight about the past," she says.
Several of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law.
Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations.
Some acts are not centrally organized but are no less horrific.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
The film's climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex ways.
Bruce Jenner's second wife says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing he is transgender.
Thompson says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
April 25 is the perfect date to quote the 2000 film "Miss Congeniality"
ISIS fighters seize several Ramadi districts in an hours-long assault.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray get into physical altercations with police.
Some get into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators throw objects.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
Thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack.
Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist.
The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction.
Toya Graham's video of her yanking her son from a riot went viral.
Sally Kohn: What we need are more mothers like her.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists.
They face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The detention of Wei Tingting has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots.
Malala Yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the girls.
She says she was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school.
The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban.
French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says.
He was best known for his role Geoffrey Barone on "Everybody Loves Raymond"
He did not appear to take on acting roles after "Raymond" was discontinued.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million.
JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky on Thursday and Friday.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad.
April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show premiered on Comedy Central.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
"This is news for celebration," says CNN counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd.
We share an unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change.
We believe that President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard wants to be able to control when and how his life ends.
He joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications.
Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker.
Carlsberg City will be some 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space.
The area won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" features even more of Chris Pratt.
The movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since 2001.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
It will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25.
The Weinstein Co. decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters.
Fatu Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia.
A CNN story about her prompted donations from around the world to IAM, an organization that raises money to help African natives pay for education.
Experts call for enhanced crash avoidance software.
Technology could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate.
Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passes ordinance.
Same-sex partners will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
Supporters of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says.
The bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East.
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday, the Italian coast guard says.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
Consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
Some Baltimore businesses are banding together to show their support for the city.
"We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," a co-owner says.
This week, a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon.
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Indiana University has sent health volunteers to provide a clinic.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
The authors of the study say it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain.
The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper"
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards is a positive step for justice, but not enough.
ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq.
The lack of accountability in the aftermath of the U.S. intervention in Iraq not only paved the way for abuses.
"Daredevil" streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Burger King will pay for Joel Burger and Ashley King's wedding.
The couple met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois.
German police arrest a man and a woman on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack.
The suspected target was a race planned for Friday, according to a terrorism researcher.
Police also found a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition.
Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria.
ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control of 90% of the camp, activists say.
The UNRWA estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his home.
Defense lawyer James Sultan says Hernandez had no conceivable reason to kill Lloyd.
Prosecutors portray Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Video shows a mother smacking her son in the head repeatedly.
The woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage.
A section of a fiberglass boat has been towed into harbor.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Ferguson has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination.
Obama has argued with the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Julian Zelizer: What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
Julian Zelizer: The "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears.
One year after it was perpetrated, the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," President-elect says.
The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in northeastern Nigeria.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
One lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.
The community is off the main highway, down a dirt track that finds itself winding through forested slopes.
Dr. John Avlon: Girl Scout cookies are a dangerous nutrition message.
Avlon: There is too little conversation on hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fats.
A Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect.
The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds of supplies.
This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
The actual scene of the Crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel.
Walter Scott was subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
John Avlon: Failure to pay child support is not a crime, though states do criminalize it.
Boston prosecutors release video of the shooting that resulted in the killing of the gunman.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Moynihan is a former U.S. Army Ranger who was honored at the White House for his heroism.
The size of the doubled search area would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones.
Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
Some people are partially blaming the 2013 movie "The Purge" for the uprising in Baltimore.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
The terrorist group has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia.
Liberland is the world's newest micronation.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
It is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man's land.
Africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent.
Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge of their partners.
Smaller home-grown labels also see the growth in appetite for luxury goods as a valuable opportunity.
CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances.
A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster.
His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday, April 25.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday.
"Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Jia Jiang's book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang started the project after quitting his job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur.
He has been viewed 7 million times on YouTube.
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015.
Rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step of the podium.
The executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta.
The Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Attorney General Eric Holder says prostitution "threatens the core mission of the department"
He doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo.
More than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes, UNICEF says.
The number of children crossing over the border to Chad, Niger and Cameroon has more than doubled.
UNICEF launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the FDA.
The suit argues that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
Bruce Jenner is set to premiere a new documentary series this summer.
The eight-part, one-hour series will air July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's prime minister says.
A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya.
Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
International aid groups and 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country.
Nepalese authorities are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected.
Miami police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers since 2012.
Airport workers have been caught on surveillance cameras stealing luggage from carousels.
Luggage theft could lead to more serious problems, police chief says.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members.
The change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency"
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program.
A New Jersey auction house removes items from its April 17 event.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in the items being removed.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
"We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue" Facebook group seeks to get rid of the statue.
A Facebook group founder wants to see the statue replaced with a new one outside a planned Comedy Hall of Fame.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd, the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC, pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
Many are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe.
There have been stories of survival, of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster.
Thousands of students petition for a Jedi temple to be built on campus.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
Laura Bernardini has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
She has committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets.
It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement.
Many of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
The private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.
Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
U.S. access to space has provided incredible benefit to national security, defense and economic well-being.
However, the U.S is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
What unites these disparate projects is the type of men chosen to play Christ.
A team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University in Nigeria are developing an eco-friendly car.
The "ABUCAR 2" is powered by electricity alone, but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together.
Uganda's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV"
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting emerge.
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie in the long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law"
He also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's "That Championship Season"
Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouted into a megaphone.
The Baltimore Police Department released the names of six police officers suspended with pay.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War.
In 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
A Syrian smuggler says he paid $6,500 for his crew to reach a smuggling point in Turkey.
The smuggler said the money would be released to the smuggler if he changed his mind.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Indonesia had originally announced nine prisoners would be executed.
Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995.
David Frum: The bombing exposed something new: American citizens targeting their own government.
"Redefining Girly" author Melissa Atkins Wardy shared her story on Facebook.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, Honey Lemon and GoGo.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies.
The exact cause of Friday's blast is under investigation.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days, reports CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson.
Few think Vice President Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny.
Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner when she returned home to Palm Beach, Australia.
A U.N. official says the boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily.
The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
Geologists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving.
In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake, the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet into Nepal.
Same-sex marriage comes before the Supreme Court on Tuesday.
Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than intentions of the framers.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice.
The emails make offensive references to President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama.
Study suggests Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name.
O.C. Marsh named the Brontos in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff, Wyoming.
A paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study.
Comedian Chris Rock posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate.
Sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling structures that often have several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
She hopes to continue to document the changes on the island that occur as the United States and Cuba work to restore diplomatic relations.
Freddie Gray died one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
A growing 1,850-acre wildfire burns nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, state forester says.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting, official says.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs is trending on social media.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.
Geoffrey Lewis was a prolific character actor.
He appeared opposite Clint Eastwood in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain.
The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May.
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police.
The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state.
Police say the suspects attacked them with stone and axes.
Alfred Taubman helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
Taubman was renowned for his attention to detail, knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls in the United States.
Jason Rezaian has sat in jail in Iran for nearly nine months.
He was arrested in July on unspecified allegations.
The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub.
Two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested.
The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said.
Charles Alasholuyi is a marketing professional and father-of-three.
He has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended Peterson in November over allegations that he disciplined his son.
Peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the NFL.
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last.
Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary.
The band will play two shows in Pero's honor.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas.
He did it while maintaining a stable low back and integrated core strength.
Sammy Griner, 8, is the Internet's most famous baby.
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
A GoFundMe campaign has a goal of $75,000.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
John Travolta is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
The HBO documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief"
Larry Johnson was flying with his brother, his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son.
He says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger.
The FAA initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight 5622.
The Senate approves a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
The bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program.
The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party.
Vaccari is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff implicated in the investigation.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says.
The film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role.
Robert Bates' lawyer says documents verify some of his training as a law enforcement officer.
Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period, documents show.
He took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times, from 2009 to 2014, to use a handgun.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic.
The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event"
The special will be filmed in advance and not air live.
"It's Not A Dream" has reunited members of 54 Cambodian families shattered by the genocide.
"The scars of the Khmer Rouge are very deep and physical and present in modern Cambodia," says human rights lawyer.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
Pope Francis calls for violence everywhere to end.
He also wishes for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there.
Jae Rockwell, founder of her local women's fitness groups, Women RUN the World, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable.
Annastasia W., who's training for her first Ironman half-triathlon, suggested a group brick workout at our local gym.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet.
The show is currently set to end after seven years.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months.
Miracles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood.
In order to survive, they must rely on ingenuity, resourcefulness and luck.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate.
An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
Gunmen attack the Garissa University College in Kenya, killing nearly 150 people.
Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the attack.
The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region.
Bishop Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse.
He was put on two years' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine.
Finn kept his job as bishop, even after his 2012 conviction.
This week is the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Turkey denies this history.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She died over the weekend at the age of 91.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled.
This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
In his obituary, his family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent.
Hinton walked out of a county jail in Birmingham on Friday.
The five women were released from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday.
They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation, including from the United States.
Blue Bell Creameries recalled all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats.
The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill.
Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas, is the only public site in the world where anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them.
The park's 37.5-acre search field is named for an ancient eruption that scattered the area with gems.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder.
He is accused of running over two men during an argument in January.
The incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown Los Angeles.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
The disease does not appear to be contagious, health officials say.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta condemns "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind"
"They were shooting everywhere," Cynthia Cheroitich says.
Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack.
Selena Dohal, 8, needs surgery to remove blood clots from her brain.
Her grandfather has accompanied her to the capital from Panchhkal.
The conditions are less than ideal, but the operation is a success.
The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies, including that of the insect-like Geonosians.
"There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," Elaine Weinstein says.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
U.S. officials called for his release but repeatedly said Washington wouldn't bargain with al Qaeda.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday in the southeastern town of Negur.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS operatives execute two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
A 4-month-old infant was taken to a Las Vegas hospital Wednesday.
A search warrant was served at the family's home a day later.
Police found the body of the 3-year-old girl, who had apparently been dead "for at least a few weeks"
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
The militants have attacked relentlessly for six years.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing in 2005.
He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account.
Investigators have considered three possibilities: suicide, foul play or deliberately walked away.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Robert Bates says in a video of the shooting.
In a 2009 case, a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser.
Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon in 2013.
Survivor Rebekah Gregory: "I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this"
"Our lives will never ever be the same," she says.
Film critic Richard Corliss died Thursday night in New York City.
He was 71.
His all-TIME top 100 movies list contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo"
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign.
The attacks lasted four hours, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted.
Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26.
Rick Santorum says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a "limited view" of religious freedom.
The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP's 2016 contenders into the debate.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December.
A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
The person responsible is the man's mother, who on Sunday faced a host of charges.
Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
Nearly 2½ million Americans are in prison.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month.
Dean Obeidallah: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
"We are suffering with rain, strong wind. The fear is not gone from us," one survivor says.
Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground.
Police in Marana, Arizona, thought the gun Mario Valencia held was locked and unable to fire.
The cable through the lever and trigger couldn't be taken off, an officer was told by an employee.
Valencia fired into the air, and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a tree.
Warnock scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver, who appeared to be in shock.
"I just did what anyone would do, went right back to work," Warnock says.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
The group of male gorillas is known to have occasional skirmishes.
Photographer Laurence Rasti flew to Turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran.
She used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo" was uploaded.
The site gets billions of views every day.
In 2015, YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces"
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
In 2014 more than 80% of would-be migrants headed to the Mediterranean coast.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.
The company's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith.
She says the Pope defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled.
The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband are still happily together.
Letourneau gave birth to her lover's child and served more than seven years in prison.
Percy Sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says.
He had been in hospice care for cancer.
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music.
Erika Langhart was 24 when she collapsed on the floor of her Phoenix apartment.
Her parents say she was using the NuvaRing, a birth control, for multiple pulmonary embolisms.
A year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
New NYPD training materials were submitted to a federal judge on Monday.
They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.
David Frum says EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
Italian authorities launch a "vast anti-terrorism operation"
They go after suspects associated with al Qaeda.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011.
Huntley High School's blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with traditional classroom setting.
One-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled.
Students and educators often refer to the program simply as "blended"
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health.
The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, where the majority of Nepal's citizens reside.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after his arrest.
Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
#RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
"This isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," says one protester.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S.
If Clinton wins the race, it will be because it was a good year for Democrats.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
The organization's annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani tells Japan's parliament that his jets have never come across any UFOs from outer space.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
Fethiye Cetin is a lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
She tells her story in an evocative memoir titled "My Grandmother"
Cetin says the dynamism surrounding the 100th anniversary excites her.
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "mask its true purpose"
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing.
The film is being produced by CBS Films.
Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner.
O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh.
Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia.
Mary Jane Veloso was put to death by firing squad early Wednesday.
The Filipina maid and mother of two was spared, at least for now.
Her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison.
71 people are sentenced to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens are arrested in Turkey, the Turkish military says.
They are suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria.
The group included four children, the oldest being 10 or 11.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
There is something you can do to make an impact.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night.
Eric Church and Keith Urban provided an opening wallop.
Taylor Swift's mom made an appearance.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Hernandez appeared to shake his head "no" as jurors found him guilty of first-degree murder.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
If approved, the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe.
Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion ($83.4 million-$125 million)
William Melendez, 49, is accused of beating a motorist during a traffic stop.
He's the former police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist.
On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
Frida Ghitis: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth.
The U.S. Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs.
The charges are serious indeed, and a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. two years ago.
They were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay.
But people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana.
Kenyan citizens use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants 480 days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income.
The more days that parents share the leave equally, they get a bonus that could total up to 1,500 euros.
Sweden also created a "gender equality bonus"
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN student News Roll Call.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif arrives in Iran on a sunny Friday morning.
"I didn't expect so many people to follow it so closely, but from the result, I can tell everyone was following," says Negar Mortazavi.
Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build lie in ashes between Tigris and Euphrates.
Christian communities are united in what Pope Francis has called an "ecumenism of blood"
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
World Happiness Report: People who live in happiest countries have longer life expectancies.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015.
Explore South Iceland, where many of the ancient tales are remembered.
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
The problem is so worrisome for the Army that recruiters have become fitness coaches.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials after being convicted of murder.
He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in 2012.
Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," ministry says.
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years.
His father, Abdullahi Daqare, says his son is missing.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Officials are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas or who might have been exposed.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Loeb is suing the actress to prevent her from destroying their embryos.
The two embryos were conceived through in vitro fertilization.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces firestorm from critics.
Critics say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
So far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to Anbar province.
The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Many don't want to talk, at least not for long. What they just went through is too raw, too painful.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Police say they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Americans on the no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment.
Police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.
A 15-year-old has also been arrested.
There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
Five students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah.
The women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
A tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
They had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment"
Selena's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"
The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company.
The project is being called "Selena the One"
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her son, Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair has been charged with two counts of torture, four counts of felony child abuse and one count of committing child abuse in the presence of another child.
Cyclist Wang Pingan had his mountain bike stolen just days before completing his epic trip.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The FBI is often successful, but every once in a while, the suspects get away.
Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the 1981 Brinks Armored Car robbery.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
"Adult coloring is absolutely a growing trend and consumers are really taking to the idea," says U.S. publisher.
Art therapist Susanne Fincher says coloring can lift the mood, reduce anxiety and relieve stress.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director.
The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project.
A Wall Street Journal report says North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Peter Bergen says the report is only part of a troubling story.
ESPN suspends reporter Britt McHenry for a week after video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced.
McHenry posted an apology on Twitter, saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her.
Women are spoils of war and rape is a weapon of war, says Peter Bergen.
Women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community, he says.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are children who have been set aside"
Baltimore native Kevin Shird says the term has "been racialized across America"
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president.
Dean Obeidallah: We've long called Clinton by her first name, and her first first name only.
He says the mononymity doesn't seem to be unwelcome.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
He's charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
The number of people confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218, a government official says.
The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside.
Many of the city's centuries-old buildings have been toppled.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue.
The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
A border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state media reports.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a security official says.
Charlie Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
Hill, now 65, may extradite himself first, saying the warming of relations between the U.S. and Cuba could mean an end to what he calls his "exile"
"I am not a cop killer. I am a freedom fighter," Hill said.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai built a prototype house with water.
The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts Gutai has written about extensively.
Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.
In the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign, our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance.
The Great War itself was divisive, a historical reality belied by today's bland, blanket coverage of "the Anzac spirit"
Vince Neil's rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner" is controversial.
Michael Bolton's version of the anthem is also controversial.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy"
The project is now looking to shoot this fall, likely in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano are among the notables.
Erica Kinsman has accused Jameis Winston of rape.
A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
"Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada on CBC TV in 1984.
The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS.
The Apple tablet had all the personal touches.
It also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope's personal secretary.
The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking"
Gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI"
The underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century.
Vin Diesel predicted his film "Furious 7" will win an Oscar next year.
Some might argue that the movie goes against type for Academy Award nominated films because the cast is so diverse.
The film franchise is doing a much better job of reflecting its audience than others in Hollywood.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday.
It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Marleni Olivo, 54, threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
She had written a message on a mango along with her name and phone number.
Maduro: "She had a housing problem, right? And, Marleni, I have approved it already"
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
It gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line.
The ads will be featured in the company's stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter is asking readers to vote on what a 2-degree world might look like.
This poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET.
CNN kicked off this effort with a Facebook chat last week.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
"And then suddenly, we felt the aftershock," he tells CNN.
The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot.
Relief mission is only third of its kind to reach Melamchi since quake.
Residents wave furiously as relief flight passes overhead.
Aid agencies need to do something very quickly, says Nepalese official.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted a Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," the post said.
The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia.
The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Many are asking, some via Twitter, is it enough to fight #xenophobia?
Andrew Lesnie won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
Lesnie also worked with New Zealander Jackson on the remake of "King Kong" (2005) and "The Lovely Bones" (2009)
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers"
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified that the revolver Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence.
Patrick Dempsey's character, Dr. Derek Shepherd, dies on "Grey's Anatomy"
Dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
Fans are still in shock.
A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens, New York, casino was captured on video Friday night.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene.
David Frum: Happy endings matter; even unpleasant experiences can lead to happy memories.
Frum: Tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people, with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork.
Video shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp.
At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing.
The Khumbu Icefall has been ravaged by a series of aftershocks.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
It says many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
The U.N. Security Council meets late Saturday morning to discuss the situation.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification.
It can create new clouds where there are none, mimicking the natural process that creates clouds.
Laser seeding can make more than clouds: it can also trigger lightning.
Duke University students and faculty members march after a noose was found hanging from a tree.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Beatriz Paez says a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot.
The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver beats rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
The two former friends have endured a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by five shots.
Tiger Woods finishes six under par.
Phil Mickelson finishes on eleven under.
Justin Rose finishes second.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
Shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago.
The key to making it all work is an enormous amount of preparation.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
Many Eritreans say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of recreational marijuana.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010.
Rogers and McGuire say they brought in more than $47,000 in sales, roughly 30 times their normal daily sales of medical marijuana.
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill legalizing low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Haleigh Cox, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day.
Robert Champion died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide and said he died within an hour of being beaten.
Maickel Melamed, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy.
He completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
There is as yet little sign that the fighting in Yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country.
Liana Barrientos, 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya, killing 147 people.
Julian Zelizer: Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation.
Zelizer: He's a progressive, holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
He will take over the program in June.
Tapper received rave reviews when he was the interim anchor of ABC's "This Week"
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman have written a book to help people understand how creative insight works in the brain.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts; low ceilings and narrow corridors will do little to inspire our brains.
Grand jury indicts "nine members of a criminal syndicate"
The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, 45, a loading dock worker.
Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
By the end of the week, they had donated more than $842,000 for the business.
Ghetto, and I'm talking class and not race, was on full display by Monday.
Police officers who weren't there don't know what happened to Freddie Gray.
If there are criminally guilty cops, police have no problem with justice.
A bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of Garowe.
Six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF -- are killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday's attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission.
He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools, results he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base.
The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee.
The Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish.
Bob Lewin, who usually handled labor stories, had been told "to do something on the new president"
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates turns himself in to authorities.
He was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
Harris' family says there is a deep-seated problem within the department.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington.
He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War.
It's a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM in all its glazed and gelatinous glory.
A new way of talking about climate change is emerging.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion.
The impacts of climate change on health will depend on a multitude of factors.
A U.S. official says up to 25,000 Iraqis troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
A senior administration official says Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion.
The campaign for Mosul has begun, officials say.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States.
Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the presidency of FIFA.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes treatment, police say.
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person.
The quadriplegic man was left in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo.
The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011.
McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
One of our six suggested things to watch this week.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life without parole for the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Julian Zelizer: It's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for Lloyd and Hernandez.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died.
The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis.
It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting.
Sheriff's Office denies allegations in Tulsa World report.
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation in April.
Bates' attorney says the accusations are based on an affidavit from a former employee.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
There were some genuinely funny moments, although the ratio was low, and you had to be patient to get to them.
Social media responded to Hillary Clinton's announcement.
There were over 3 million views of her tweets in one hour.
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms after a childhood friend was diagnosed with cancer.
Since 2006, the nonprofit has provided practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte.
The original miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family and others have complained about his inclusion on the memorial wall.
The teen was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July.
Zuriel Oduwole is one of the world's youngest filmmakers.
Born in California to a Nigerian father and Mauritian mother.
She has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
The insurance company CEO had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force.
A smuggler in Tripoli lays bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
The conversation exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son Monday.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says she doesn't support a woman being president.
Julian Zelizer: The bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015, a female candidate will be hard-pressed.
Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office.
It is expected to earn a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range.
The film is the final film featuring the late Paul Walker.
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities have not been consulted.
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The movie is set for release August 5, 2016.
The peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history.
The winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris.
Harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting.
Bates was not in his normal state of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect.
Scientists say new research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with salty water.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.
But the new study doesn't change the picture for life on Mars.
Lauren Bacall's art collection goes under the hammer in New York.
The 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million.
Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
Photographer Ernst Haas is one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
Haas was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative.
The photographers were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
He will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army.
Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Rep. John Boehner: Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues.
He says Ohio has gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones.
Mare Nostrum was a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril.
It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton"
The argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The comedic actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
Doctors have not given Barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales of assault.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
Julian Zelizer: There is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency.
U.S. President Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
Instead of the "new beginning" that the President outlined in his much discussed Cairo speech in 2009, Obama failed to highlight that this statement is in fact also applicable to Iran.
The DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism.
Peter Bergen: Change is beginning to come to Ferguson after a half year of unrest.
Freddie Gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station, police say.
Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, a deputy police commissioner says.
A witness said the man was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing.
A judge says Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a divorce summons.
Ella Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says.
Baidoo's marriage to Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku began to unravel shortly after they married in 2009.
Jennifer Stewart says her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stewart and her husband booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States.
The airline shipped more than 200 pets last year.
Photographer Andres Figueroa photographed religious festivals in South America's Atacama Desert.
Fugueroa's "Dancers of the Deserts" series chronicles these festivals, which attract about 200,000 people to Chile.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months.
A storm capsized his boat and broke his mast, so he couldn't fix it right away.
He was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail, but he could make little headway against currents.
Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in Mexico's Mexican league.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness.
Arango was not booked by the referee but could face retrospective ban.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training.
The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest.
Tim Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light.
This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on database.
Motoring groups fear switch will make it more difficult for car hire firms.
From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
The movie, called Sun, was created by filmmaker Michael.
König uses footage recorded by the spacecraft between 2011 and 2015.
Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences.
Another incredible part shows ‘coronal rain’ streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the solar surface.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par.
Rose is looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters.
The 28-year-old hopes to replicate his form from last year.
Neighbour's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has left parts of her garden in deep shade.
Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size, the council has ruled they can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Audrey Alexander’s family.
The dispute started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Around 30 drivers float in and out of this parking lot in the SoDo area of the city in Washington State.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
The Toon boss has called on the advice and support of Alan Shearer and Alan Pardew.
Carver was in the dugout at the end of last season when fans expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over Cardiff.
Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
American Pie was written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean.
His lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle.
This week its lyrics were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules.
They also left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top.
Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers'
Waverley Council defended binmen, saying they had 'nowhere suitable' to put non-recyclable items.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and wasn't aiming at the cops.
Fire crew scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds.
The tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring and thigh injuries.
Mile Jedinak is ruled out for Crystal Palace through suspension.
Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game with a achilles injury.
James Milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company.
Kaylie Milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise.
Yelp says its algorithm protects businesses, by weeding out potentially fraudulent posts seeking to boost a company's rating or drag it down.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid.
Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million.
City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, were caught and both jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday.
The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann.
Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season.
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny Hillary Clinton has faced.
'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, said.
Tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'
The technology powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper.
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England.
Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up.
The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season, but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims.
The 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster will be held at Anfield.
Liverpool and Italy striker Mario Balotelli acknowledged the anniversary on his Instagram page.
Raheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer.
The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million.
Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling Sterling.
Sterling is currently on a £35,000-a-week contract with the Reds.
He could cost the club up to £25million if he chooses to buy out the final year of that contract.
Horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded.
They are dragged onto ships where they are clubbed to death for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International captured images.
It says baby animals are suffering a violent death 'for fur products nobody wants'
Newfoundland's government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 seals.
Sir Paul McCartney has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the hunt.
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the FA for crowd disturbances.
It is alleged that the clubs failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the FA Cup quarter-final replay against Bradford at Madejski Stadium.
West Brom expressed their 'deep concern' for the safety of the players after the match.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand.
It shows the lions interacting with visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.
A number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage.
England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships this summer.
Sean O'Driscoll's side lost 2-1 to France in their decisive final qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command.
Patrick Roberts halved the deficit 11 minutes from time.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent.
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski.
Liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Anfield.
Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening.
He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested on Saturday.
He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to hack officers to death.
Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack.
Greater Manchester Police tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the suspects.
They arrested five men over the weekend, including Sevdet Besim, 18.
The alleged plot is similar to the killing of Fusilier Rigby two years ago.
Teresa James, 40, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She was influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired.
In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
The trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there.
Dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’
Justin Rose is back training ahead of his next PGA tour event.
The Englishman is using his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator.
Rose pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way at the Masters 2015.
Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at Federation Square.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Dante de Blasio has been accepted into Yale and Brown Universities.
The mayor's son will make his decision by the end of the month.
Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income, de Blasio is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
Valerie Jackson, 35, has to regularly cover her son RJ's body with creams.
But while out shopping, she was surrounded by armed police.
A member of the public mistook RJ's skin for the signs of abuse.
RJ suffers Netherton's syndrome, an incredibly rare illness.
It causes his skin to appear red and scaly and can also experience hair, infection and allergy problems.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
Reports suggest Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the West.
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
In summer, everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her ex's name.
She tried to burn it off with acid but the DIY treatment gave her chemical burns.
Six painful applications left her skin red raw and scabby.
Tattoo Disasters airs on TLC on Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 5.
Aaron Ramsey has warned his English team-mates to beware Wales.
Wales climbed to 22 in the April rankings to move within eight places of England.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying.
Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is flying.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday afternoon.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for the hosts.
Thomas Muller added a third with eight minutes to go.
Pep Guardiola's men moved a step closer to a third straight Bundesliga title.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham's Under 21s against Manchester United.
The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season.
Oxford has been tipped to make his senior debut before the end of the season.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband Charles.
But his firm AppSense was valued wildly higher, and his stake was worth £132m.
Court of Appeal found that Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court.
Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court in June.
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month.
It includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from Morden, south west London, has donated 50 eggs.
In the space of 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
She injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries.
Controversially, Kelly has told her 11-year-old daughter that she has brothers and sisters.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
They show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi.
The gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province, where members of the Iraqi Army and allied Shiite volunteer militias have had success in forcing the terrorists to withdraw.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool’s offer of close to £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
The pair were wearing casual clothing and pictured inhaling from the lit pipe.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in Perth suburb.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season.
Jon Huxley, 46, is looking at 'developing' his premises to cater for swingers.
He hopes to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel.
Hotel Westward Ho! in Folkestone, Kent, will cater for couples and groups.
Food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package.
Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract.
Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of the 27-year-old.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Guests can dive 12,500ft below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean to explore the ship.
The expedition takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast.
More people have been to space than have explored the Titanic, and the dives aim to collect data for scientific experiments.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday.
The sixth-seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final.
Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites will compete for their first European title since 2006.
Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona.
He was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses.
The two women who were arrested along with Sapp were Britney Osbourne, 23, and Quying Boyd, 34.
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit.
She was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in Saturday's avalanche.
Aydian Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Ruby Walsh warned riders to go wide at the Canal Turn.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour.
The gelding likely suffered broken ribs.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara.
The pair were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in Perth, WA.
Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health.
The survey, conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates, looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity.
Survey also found that 56 per cent of the respondents want more information on the side effects of their treatments and almost a quarter don't have any idea of the dangers.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
The eighth-grader was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Crystal Palace beat champions Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Alan Pardew, Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman after the game.
Pardew used seven Englishmen including matchwinner Jason Puncheon.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph.
He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the crater.
The 58-year-old claims the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'
The latest discovery follows a spate of supposed'sightings' of Martian civilisation.
Last year, a Maryland-based UFO hunter spotted what he believed to be a 'decorative' box on the red planet.
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself in Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon.
He was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted in Lane County.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Hawkins was shot nine times, and later died of gunshot wounds to chest.
Officers involved in shooting have been placed on administrative leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
He has finally received clearance to make his Arsenal bow.
The 22-year-old has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for any team in the European Union.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the win at the Bernabeu.
Ronaldo scored an eight-minute hat-trick to keep the pressure on Barcelona.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson.
He used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia.
The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club last week.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old's club came into contact with the root, causing him to wince.
Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself.
He ended up at 5-under-par on 283, tied for 17th.
Despite finishing 13 strokes behind Jordan Spieth, Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores.
He followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face.
Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
To date the video of his circus-like trick has been watched more than 80,000 times.
Reading lost 1-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp.
The 30-year-old apologised to Reading fans on Twitter.
Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat, known for their wild, curly hair.
He is also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein.
Albert has already racked up 44.1k followers on Instagram.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston denies five FA charges for abusive text messages.
Oyston initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
The Seasiders are extremely unpopular and fans have been protesting against their ownership.
Norway's military leaders are nervous about Russia's presence on coastline.
They are worried about its presence on its'strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base.
But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris.
Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
She was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes.
Both Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer’s.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League table.
Louis van Gaal's side beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday.
Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
Klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since 2006.
The Ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout.
Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance.
Travelled for eight hours from London's Paddington station to reach Cornwall.
He wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, smart shoes and a red box.
But he is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally.
YouGov poll puts Labour on 34%, one point ahead of the Tories.
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco are third in Ligue 1.
The principality club host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals.
Jardim believes his side can reach the last 16 without big investment.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6.
His wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
Family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years.
Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Lily Sharp, from the UK, decided to prank her own mother.
She began by texting her mother: 'You didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!'
She then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mum that the intruder had her phone.
After her mother reveals that she is sending the police round Lily reveals that it was all a trick.
Lionel Messi returned to Barcelona training on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
Barcelona travel to Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
It stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is ready for it to be shown.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists the flag should be taken down.
Fabregas left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011.
The 27-year-old is set to start against his former team on Sunday.
The island of Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins were actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.
Experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting.
He painted a self-portrait of himself with a bullet hole through his heart.
It comes after it was confirmed that Bali Nine member Andrew Chan will be executed just after midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
The pair were convicted in 2005 for their role in a plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin from Bali to Australia.
Sukumaran's brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman.
The bin man was filmed lifting bags out of dustbins before tossing them.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Yoshinori Muto has admitted he is still considering a move to Chelsea.
FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claimed Chelsea have made an offer.
Chelsea would look to loan Muto to partner club Vitesse Arnhem next season.
Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week.
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will lose her house.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire.
Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, near Fernvale.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries.
The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
The invasive fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
Goldfish are not a native species in Colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem.
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round.
Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to a move away from Manchester City.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Toure's form has been disappointing this season.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after just 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Antoine Griezmann and Mikel Gonzalez scored for the hosts.
Diego Simeone's side are now two points behind La Liga leaders Real Madrid.
Customers as young as 23 try to cash in retirement savings.
Many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications, pension firms say.
Government had said over-55s would be given free half-hour session of guidance.
But just 300 advisers are available for those over 55 who want to take part.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a stunning left-footed strike.
Marc Bartra doubled the Catalans' lead with a headed goal on 75minutes.
Luis Suarez added a second with the last kick of the game.
Barcelona remain seven points clear at the top of La Liga.
29-minute video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive.
At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert area, south of country.
12 others filmed being forced to walk down beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video in February of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians.
It raises fears ISIS is consolidating its presence on 'doorstep of Europe'
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall.
The defeat sees Taylor finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld on 'Judgement Night'
Peter Wright was one of two players to be eliminated this season.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in their 0-0 draw at Burnley.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws.
Hughes has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt.
His wife, Alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
Sensing he may have gone too far with threat to wrestle Ukip leader to the ground.
But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Tory leader visited Kings Leadership Academy in warrington ahead of debate.
He said: 'In this debate tonight, jujitsu, is that the right thing?'
Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal.
Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is in the swing of changing the fashion landscape.
Samantha Harris is one of the most prominent faces at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Noreen Carr.
Agency founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Harris at next year's fashion week.
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
In 2007, Filipovic was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat.
Gonzaga insists he does not consider the fight a rematch.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines.
The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted by talent scouts in New York City in 2005.
Amy, 24, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals.
Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a penalty after Daniel Caligiuri was brought down.
Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed a host of chances.
Bayern Munich play Bayer Leverkusen in another all-Bundesliga clash.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
She was devastated to find out the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not her real father.
Phil, who has raised Sarah, was equally upset to learn he is not.
The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again under scrutiny.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
De Blasio's relations with police unions and some rank-and-file officers were fractured in the aftermath of the December shooting that claimed the lives of Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in Houston.
She was trying to get on the freeway when she honked at a passing SUV.
Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault.
Evans, who is being held on $250,000 bond, is a documented gang member.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
It includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe, according to recent data released by KAYAK.com.au.
The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years.
Top destinations for Aussies include Athens, Istanbul, Dublin, Barcelona, Colombo, Santiago, and Vienna.
Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that Goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student.
Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag.
The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for the Reds.
Dougie Freedman believes the difference was composure in front of goal.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service.
The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones.
He sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Pettingill avoided jail time, with the judge fearing his surname would bring unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found slumped in front seat of a car in DeLand, Florida.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia, 39, was flagged down by Braddock's sister.
He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled and was later caught by deputies.
Saracens came up short against Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne.
Mark McCall's men lost back-to-back European and domestic finals last year.
They must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the Aviva Premiership.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents so far.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'Sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains'
He said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotians with their clubs.
Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features, winning 62.50% of their Premier League games when he is in the team.
Dug the pug was hiking with his owner, Lindsay Castro, in Fontana, Canada.
They heard a rattling sound, but Dug ran up to the reptile and bit him.
His face swelled to twice its size and he was rushed to hospital.
Vets have issued warning to other pet owners that animals do not have same instincts as humans when they see a snake.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was wrongly flagged for offside.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers said it was a'very poor decision'
The Reds striker also criticised the decision on his Instagram page.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities.
Take a stroll around New York's Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg, or visit one of London's many free museums.
Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten, which is free to the public.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire.
The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000.
They were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
Those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip.
The British Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow the advice from local authorities.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillowcase which his smell clung to.
The 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent.
She teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
She may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain.
A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the disaster.
Others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Charli Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Her channel earned her an estimated $127,777 (AUD $163,893) in March alone – and that is after YouTube's share of the profits.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Man, 62, believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
Family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering a heart attack.
Incident comes two years after a man died in similar circumstances in the village.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month.
Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March.
Harry Kane missed out on player of the month after scoring five times.
Arsenal sit third in the Premier League, seven points behind Chelsea.
Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
Investigators found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23.
Lubitz, 27, was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
Prime Minister visited primary school near Bolton to unveil Tory education policy.
Under future Tory government children who achieve poor SAT results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces.
The Prime Minister appeared completely taken with the youngster who showed no signs of being fazed by his attendance.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices.
It promises to turn light lager into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Tottenham host Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have won two of their last 10 Premier League games.
Spurs have also drawn four of their six Europa League games on Thursday nights.
Pochettino believes Hugo Lloris wants to play in the Champions League.
Filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand's picturesque coastline.
The six-minute video shows scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone.
Filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving.
QPR face West Ham in the London derby on Saturday.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
HBO has warned Australians who use overseas accounts to access the US-restricted streaming service HBO NOW.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
The network has warned internet users, who are watching popular TV shows such as Games of Thrones, The Sopranos and Girls, that they will be cut off on April 21.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick but Charlie Austin equalised.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from afar on his iPhone.
Fernandes revealed that Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday's visit of Chelsea and that Yun Suk-young would also return after that game.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media.
Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz died in hospital after he was taken hostage.
He was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
The property has stunning views of Smugglers Cove, near Portreath, and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift.
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove on Cornwall’s north coast.
Pilots N Paws and Wings of Rescue recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
States such as California, Georgia and South Carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters, while places such as Washington, Oregon, New York, New Jersey and Florida need more pets to satisfy demand.
To solve the location conundrum, pilots fire up their engines.
In Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, retirees want smaller dogs, which are easier to take care of but a tough
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop.
It is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years.
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
David Meyler was sent off for a challenge on the Hull midfielder.
Naughton suffered ligament damage and will miss six weeks.
Angel Rangel will return to the side to face Everton on Saturday.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off.
The US were beaten 3-2 by the Italian duo in the doubles rubber.
Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the Australian Open.
In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Many of the cards have all the flowery but insincere charm of a cheesy modern-day pick-up line.
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
The 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for Santos, the club where his father thrived in the 1960s.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
It boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol'
It also boasts about some of its worst atrocities in the pages of the glossy booklet.
US researchers discovered a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Four Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' during the prank.
They were wearing Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks.
As the famous A-Team soundtrack kicks in, a narrator claims: 'These men dominated the Premier League from their west London underground'
The two-minute clip then shows the Blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign before it eventually reads 'Chelsea'
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico.
The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort in Cruz Bay, St. John.
Nick Clegg made desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Cyril Smith.
Claimed the paedophile MP did not belong to the Liberal Democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys.
In fact Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed'soon'
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
The striker scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Kane has hailed his 'best week of my life' after captaining Tottenham.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with knee ligaments damaged.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
QPR youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf problem.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.
The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Lucas is desperate to win the FA Cup and end his 270-game barren spell at Anfield.
Independent Police Complaints Commission to investigate claims.
IPCC probe stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
Claims he failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan.
Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters.
Bubba Watson fought back with a 71 to keep him in the hunt.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Australian team behind the design won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
But with 11 days to go until the fight, not a single person has a ticket.
SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
These are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight.
Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum said tickets would be on sale in the first week of April.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver set the pace as he bids to win his fourth race in China.
Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the biggest surprises for many a Formula One season.
Hamilton finished 0.541secs clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The program was created in 1992 by the Drug Enforcement Agency.
It monitored every phone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
The program only recently shuttered, and was used for nearly two decades.
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
She shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions.
A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off.
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
This is after she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece Tracy.
Barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set.
Her niece’s case was also dismissed.
The parents of Michael Brown have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of Ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a white police officer.
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'
Brown's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national Black Lives
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham.
Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.
Aitor Karanka's side stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table.
Tipper Lewis, 43, from London, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
Tipper grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants, Chinese medicine and organic produce.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is 'great'
Players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and son Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August.
Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970.
Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
He shot them both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death.
In February, Vuozz pleaded guilty to first-degree murder of Brent and second-degree killing Brendon.
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 12.
She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS.
Spent £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
'The umbrella graveyard. #sydney #takemehome,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a Sydney bin.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Medics had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
The pair had married in Cyprus in 2012 but their relationship collapsed.
Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, denies murder.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
The 2012 Super League Man of Steel will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016.
Wigan received a world record transfer fee, thought to be around £700,000, for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
When POMCs are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese.
The team, led by the University of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season.
Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre is the man to replace Guardiola.
Hitzfeld spent two different spells as Bayern boss and retired in 2014 after managing Switzerland.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday.
Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the quarterback.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of selfishness during post-race press conference.
The German slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his tyres.
Hamilton won his fourth Chinese Grand Prix of the season.
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream.
McCoy will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The 40-year-old announced his plans to retire in February.
Josh Hamilton is going to be sent back to his former team, the Texas Rangers.
The Angels would effectively be paying $68million for Hamilton to play in Texas.
Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
Eddie Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday.
But Frampton has branded the offer a 'publicity stunt'
Frampton has called on Hearn to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parsons, 34, stopped to propose to girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36.
She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children.
Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
He ran onward towards the finishing line in 3hrs 36min.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
Jacintha Saldana took her life two days after taking the call, blaming her decision on the actions of the Australian radio hosts.
Greig has since revealed her personal torment over the prank, and was unable to return to her role on the air.
Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back.
The killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his Raleigh Chopper.
He hopes to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer.
The personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Ivan Gazidis says the club are not going to win the title again.
Gazidis fears Arsenal will find it harder to maintain Champions League qualification places due to a surge in television cash.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
Brendan Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car on Tuesday.
He was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have since revealed.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested in Brent, north west London, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The winner's share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.
Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on March 19 and never regained consciousness.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Edwards went on to tell her how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her.
Sources told the New York Post that Edwards was then shuffled away.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
But he missed the whole thing being asleep!
Even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap.
The trip cost Alex upwards of £1,000 ($1,600)
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it is a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
She recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit to keep the outfit in proportion.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter.
The incident happened during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR on Sunday.
QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
They have also appealed to witnesses to come forward.
Edwin van der Sar believes Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Manchester United.
United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
Mrs Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking 'heartbroken'
The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower in 'The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House'
Simon Mignolet returned to England after international duty with Belgium.
The 27-year-old had been with the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel.
He posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official Facebook account on Wednesday.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
The ridges contain both bright and dark material.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting.
Some were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches.
Report has sparked fresh calls for a full independent inquiry into the computer system used by postmasters.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video on YouTube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
He is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
The video has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities.
Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to break the case free from the lock.
The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft, which the police report states happened overnight.
Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention.
Newcastle boss John Carver says his players need to relieve pressure.
Prime Minister accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger'
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision.
Clinical trials are scheduled for 2016.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has claimed.
Five islands have already been made, with two more in development.
Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
He also claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support.
Comes after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games.
Southampton travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
The 47-year-old wrote the vile message, directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien, after a row about a school outing.
Linton has been given a community order and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
Gina Maria Schumacher was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth.
The 17-year-old looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament.
She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section'
Her impressive performance at the horse show comes just days after her brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed large kidney stones.
They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which eventually build up into a solid lump.
The cause for his condition, doctors believe, was low fluid intake.
A CT scan showed that the stones were so large they could not be passed naturally.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
She showcases her toned body in the fun and flirty high-summer designs.
The fitness fanatic, who recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD, is tipped to be returning to the E4 show in the next few weeks.
Lauren Hill, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor.
She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.
During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
But she still made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for others with her condition
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Footscray.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident, police said.
A car apparently packed with six passengers crashed in Melbourne's east.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party.
He jumped onto tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill, north-west London.
But coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
Mr Kantaria had'recently' left his senior position at Baring Asset Management.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
The 22-year-old student is scheduled to be arraigned in Fayette District Court on May 12.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace.
Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Firefighters surrounded the plane at LaGuardia Airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after Flight 2522 touched down.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
A spokesperson said the flight crew noticed a ‘smoky odor in the cockpit’ while taxiing to the gate.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges.
He had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
Stickler killed himself by crashing into a field in Millville, California, on Saturday.
The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
When Ukip leader Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, the audience only booed him further.
Of the 200-strong audience, about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters.
About 102 backed left-leaning parties – Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, Plaid Cymru or the SNP.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
The comments were made yesterday on ‘Space Day’, when Russia commemorated the first human spaceflight.
Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp were models at We Are Handsome Activewear show in Sydney.
The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models.
Samantha Harris and Samantha Harris also made an appearance.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia.
He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit.
When he was stopped by shop security he told the security guard that he wanted to buy the phone - and was going to his car to get his wallet.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down.
Video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit.
It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings.
This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal.
Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Wasps will appeal the three-week ban handed to Nathan Hughes.
The back row will not be allowed to play in Sunday's Champions Cup quarter-final against Toulon.
Hughes' knee collided with North's head as he crossed the line to score a try for Northampton.
The pair battle it out on a shed rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
The cat's owner Jason Bryant confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter.
Pictures illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup final.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke scored for Chelsea.
Substitute Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target.
A supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
Moshin Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Van Gaal reads out the names of Mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez.
A coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's inquest.
The couple are adamant that Rana was stillborn, and that it was clear from the moment she was born that she had died before birth.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant.
Plastic surgeon Raman Malhotra fitted a special platinum chain into her eyelid.
He said it would weigh it down and help it close by itself.
Lauren's facial nerve was too damaged to regain function.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium.
The Brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho had told them the decision was taken because of concussion concerns over the latter.
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a Cinderella screening in Bessemer, Alabama.
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' during the film.
Mother Kyesha Smith Wood called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook.
Mrs Boyd, 36, reached out on social media to find the woman and apologize to her for her daughter's behavior.
Wood insists the'real hero' in the situation is Boyd, who she calls a 'great mom'
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The last time McCoy won the Grand National he followed up the next day on Don’t Push It.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas was also confused about how women 'dancing ceremonially can be offensive'
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him.
The Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
UK over-the-counter medicines market worth £2.5 billion, says BBC.
But some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging.
Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Brimager is accused of murdering Baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
Churchill encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon, made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a victory.
The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee is making the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt.
The Irishman will take on Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about fly-tipping.
He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude'
This was then refined into diesel.
Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago.
Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm in West Hougham.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Previous study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a Neanderthal.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists inspected the boat remains and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
Five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes, boats, and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern Japan - were swallowed by the ocean when the tsunami struck four years ago.
Detective Patrick Cherry has been assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident.
One passenger captured the exchange after the incident in West Village.
Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Liz Clark left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe.
The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on the boat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor.
Liz, who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara, jumped at the chance to discover the world.
A noose was discovered hanging from a tree at Duke University outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida.
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Her husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.
Karl Wallenda fell to his death in 1978.
Firefighters have not been trained in basic first aid.
They are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
In some areas 999 calls are up by 15 per cent on last year.
New ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon kept out.
59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country.
SNP has ruled out formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet.
But they have left open possibility of SNP supporting Labour on vote-by-vote basis.
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne.
Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of William.
William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Welbeck says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
London Mayor launched furious personal assault on his rival.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for claiming Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power.
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on social media.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield.
Sterling was pictured taking a drag from the large orange pipe.
It is said that one shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke.
Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin.
He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia.
Pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to misc
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours.
National Secretary Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act.
He accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female.
He said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour'
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated.
Professor Warren has written about the avocado in his book called the Nature of Crops.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce.
It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Curtis Stone, 39, is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
The celebrity chef lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months.
Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food.
Kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing.
But Chinese aviation authorities ruled it could not be flown.
Kite is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
The striker is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
Dr Arye Shimron claims he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood.
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
According to geoarcheologist Dr Shimron, the'son of God' was buried with nine other people, including ‘Judah, son of Jesus’ and his wife, named Mary.
Bones were discovered inside ossuaries, including one that bore the inscription,
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power.
He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff'
His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg victory.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the 'virtuous and inexperienced' 16-year-old when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her.
The papers also contain an order stopping Chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings.
Source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition.
He was travelling in a three-car convoy in Nineveh, Iraq.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
But he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures.
Jose Mourinho's side have eight matches remaining, beginning at QPR on Sunday.
Blues boss was not surprised to see Manchester City slip up at Crystal Palace.
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob.
The adverts for Austrian water brand Vöslauer will feature a group of girls ‘having a laugh while they perform very hard yoga moves in a private class’
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
But a judge told him he must repay the money within six months or face jail.
Oshodi, 31, was jailed for eight years in 2013 for his part in the fraud.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini.
The Uruguayan was condemned by world football but completed a £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side.
His wife Sofia says that Suarez didn't believe that he had done anything but the television replays suggested otherwise and he then owned up.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, broke his neck while on holiday.
He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
Mrs Stanwick said: 'He is my rock, my hero and most of all the man I adore without question'
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse.
The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the 'Illuminati'
Burnley Crown Court heard almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category.
There were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The Irishman insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
McGregor grabbed Aldo's belt when they took their promotional tour.
Phillip and Gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for £325,000.
The builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house from the winter elements.
As a result, they ran off with £17,000 of their money.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week.
Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football.
Manchester City had hoped to tie up a deal after spotting the player at the World Under 17 Championships two years ago.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Mauricio Pochettino's scouts are already working behind the scenes.
The Spurs boss is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
Leigh beat Salford 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils.
The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock.
The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd.
They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace.
The final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table'
It brings to an end the eleventh series of the popular BBC weekly amateur cooking contest.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the title.
The Football League revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions.
Bristol City's Dele Alli finished second behind Joe Garner.
Shrewsbury Town had three players on the League Two top 10.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Sunday.
Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from League One.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered.
She and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
A video has emerged showing the moment two French backpackers attempted to torch a native Australian quokka.
The disturbing footage sees Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight.
Both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
The seats, tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including E.coli and MRSA.
There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
But the team have developed the unusual new robot as a way to counter issues with cleaning the interior of a plane.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The incredible lights shining purple, blue, green and yellow are no computer trickery - they are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, is a serial shoplifter.
He first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959.
The pensioner has broken the law so many times prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record.
It is believed he has clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Matt Taylor could make his return from a long term achilles injury.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list.
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention following injury lay-offs.
The roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit was damaged by high winds.
Part of the 'Wing' was affected by the winds on Sunday and Monday.
Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming events will not be affected.
Hundreds gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher.
Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
Ms Scott's mother spoke about her daughter's life and what a big part of the family she was.
The ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song 'Home' by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros played.
Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of A380 service.
Aimed to inspire relaxed, positive state of mind for all travellers.
Airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop videos.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
Researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more.
Zeenat Sabvur from wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses.
She said: 'Weddings are now about personalities and celebrating their relationships, which makes it more fun'
The boat was built with scraps from house conversions.
It was glued together with silicone sealant and held together long enough for fishermen to set up their rods and haul in some fish.
But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex.
The anglers had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue.
They got materials to build the boat for free and spent £9 on silicone glue.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton, where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog in Prahran, Melbourne, on Wednesday night.
A man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her.
She was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe.
Ms Verralls said she was 'blessed' to have been able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman discovered in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
She was eventually tamed by a nobleman who kept her on his estate in Tkhina in the Republic of Abkhazia.
But he could not say if the yeti or the Russian almasty is the best candidate for a surviving race of human 'apemen'
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, clashed as they drove away.
Mr Bretti said rival chased him along busy road before blocking him.
He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through window.
Incident took place around new Ridgeway Farm housing development in Swindon.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Sportsmail's Dominic King gives his player ratings from Old Trafford.
Signatories say they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
She said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
The new candle and fragrance business, called Jo Love, now employs 14 people.
President Barack Obama defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' to prevent a bomb.
He insisted the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports.
Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
The investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe a plot could be under way.
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of the third series of Sherlock.
It took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture, which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas.
The Jamaican Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year.
England bowled West Indies out for 299 on day two of the second Test.
Captain Alastair Cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps.
Broad backs Cook to go onto a big hundred and get his side in a winning position.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday.
McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
The 20-time champion jockey was presented with his final champion’s trophy by Arsenal legend Ian Wright before riding Mr Mole.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager in the Premier League.
Klopp has been linked with a move to Manchester City or Arsenal.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Zoe O'Connell is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
The 37-year-old used to be a man married to Sylvia Knight.
They now live together in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge.
Users of Find Boston Bombers took to Reddit in the days after the Boston Marathon bombings.
They hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks.
Their claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber.
Now, moderator of the subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of his regrets in new documentary.
In The Thread, which will be released on iTunes on Monday, Ryves explains how Redditors theorized about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in Houston.
During the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday.
But no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001.
She now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
She says she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
'Must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he said.
Fowler responded to the hater by telling him to 'get your facts straight'
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing.
By the time his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck.
The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip.
On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection.
She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment.
Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower drain in the room next door to Eileen.
Mr Dee is now suing the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust for clinical negligence.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the richest boxing bout in history.
Pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The Filipino star opened up about his motivation, his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down.
Grandmother-of-four smashed her face on the pallet and trapped her leg.
Now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after falling down hole.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest.
She was diagnosed after a nasty fall which left her with pains in her leg.
Her family have been a constant support for her as she is undergoing chemotherapy.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
40 per cent of Airbnb’s listings in Cuba are in Havana.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, fled.
A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, transforms into Kylie Jenner in a new makeup video tutorial.
To make himself over as 'America's sweetheart', Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and wife Justine watched Pride.
Said he had a 'big passion' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
Mr Miliband said his mother calls him Edward when she is unhappy with him.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated he has to change channel.
He says hearing Nigel Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'
Psychologist says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician you disagree with.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had their say on Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg said Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down while leading the race.
Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations.
The Mercedes drivers are now spending a few days in Dubai before travelling to Bahrain for this year's race.
Page Six claimed Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell.
The gossip site claimed that Flay, 50, has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years.
According to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014.
March, 40, is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that means Flay only has to pay her $5,000 a month in alimony.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze enjoyed a double date on Sunday.
The pair were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel.
Wolfsburg beat Hamburg 2-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 win against Eintracht Franfurt.
The list of'religious punishments' pertains to the IS-controlled province of Aleppo.
Those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and making slanderous comments.
Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver'
Pictures of stonings and gay men being thrown from buildings have been widely circulated on social media.
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy.
Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
The world No 1 will play No. 15 Sara Errani in the second match.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases.
The 42-year-old wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top.
Mother-of-two delivered an address at the event in Barcelona.
Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing charges for punching two women in the face.
The model allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in December last year.
She allegedly carried out a similar attack on another woman in the same nightclub last April.
Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
At the time of the incident, the Playboy model was already on bail, charged with assault occasioning bodily harm after she assaulted an old school friend at the same pub in April last
Today marks the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images.
The site has launched to mark the anniversary and it lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway.
It has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary, changing the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne.
It contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness, infections and irritations.
Neal's Yard Remedies have seen sales go through the roof online.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using
Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in their Allsvenskan opener.
Henrik Larsson was forced to play Daniel Andersson in goal.
The 42-year-old keeper kept a clean sheet as Helsinborg lost.
Andersson earned one cap for Sweden in 2001.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League.
City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The champions have won the last four derbies against United.
Aguero has scored six times against United this season.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests.
Researchers at Northwestern University in the US found children who shared iPads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers.
Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg.
They were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by Tsarnaevs.
The men, now in their mid-thirties, received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the Boston Marathon almost two years ago.
Norden has said a planned film dramatizing the bombings is premature.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull.
He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
Mr Whitehead revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
A union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of Colorado theater shooter James Holmes.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises.
His attorneys don't dispute that he
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill.
Erakat's most volatile reaction comes when he offers to pay for a man's parking meter, showing him his cardboard sign.
‘Let me give you something. You see that,' the man then asks, pointing to his white Mercedes Benz.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over 10-man Partick at Parkhead.
James Craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a 'last man' foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Racegoer filmed deliberately knocking 63-year-old to the floor at Aintree.
The man, dressed in a suit, then walks off as people gasp and try to help.
He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Man, 34, from Formby in Sefton, came forward to police late last night.
Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final.
Jose Mourinho has warned his next generation that he cannot use them all at once.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Her husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Turkish football team captain Arda Turan was allowed into the cockpit.
He was celebrating his side's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules.
They warned that there would be consequences for the cabin crew.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him.
Close supporter Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop his execution.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' Mr Quilty told Radio 2GB.
The execution will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded.
Sukumaran and Andrew Chan both refused
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees began to sink.
One of the Muslims ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah'
When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned.
The tragic news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
The 26-year-old has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox.
PETA is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside Harvey Nichols.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week.
He then shot his older brother, Trevor, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself.
As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys, who would've celebrated their birthdays this week.
Woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon.
She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers pulled her to safety over the railing.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes.
Scott Carson's long, hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play.
Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan, bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from Marcus Bettinelli.
Matt Smith scored Fulham's second goal to restore their lead.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Knight's attorney Matthew Fletcher said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Louis van Gaal's side face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
Aguero scored a second to all-but end the champions' title hopes.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona.
The Brazilian right-back will leave the Nou Camp this summer.
Alves has won four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines.
Holland international Robben was pictured doing punditry alongside Bayern legend Oliver Kahn.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Palmer has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Thibaut Courtois has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years.
Chelsea are seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table.
Courtois won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue.
The venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region.
These same guests were now 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton.
Ms Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday, sparking a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday.
Adam Rushton, 37, found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’
Rushton admitted some of his actions were ‘not very professional’ but claimed it did not amount to criminal misbehaviour.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for 30 hours.
The 26-year-old cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly in Eype, Dorset, last week.
The Border Terrier fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb.
She survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope.
Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop, but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He could have access to the names and address of all military personnel.
It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, it has been revealed.
One of the parents of the three boys, one aged 19, and two aged 17, raised the alarm about their missing children.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda has said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracen's semi-final berth.
The Argentinian kicked Saracens through to the Champions Cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty.
It was the South American’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and sending online messages.
One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang.
He thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on the internet.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Andrew O'Neill, 25, has since admitted grooming an under-age girl.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were turned into an air raid shelter after the Second World War.
A total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter, which was made up of a network of interconnecting passages.
It became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who would be allowed to seek refuge there.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on Thursday.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out.
The day before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener.
The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Allardyce believes City's previous purchases speak volumes.
Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
Portuguese forward is seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Former Everton striker Dixie Dean is widely regarded as the greatest striker ever born on Merseyside.
Anthony Horowitz said books by comedian are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough.
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Walliams’ Gangsta Granny for criticism.
He suggested they should follow the example of authors such as John Green and ‘write up for children, not down to them’
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for MS, which affects around 2.5 million worldwide.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good.
Two quick-fire second-half penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat Bastia.
Lucas Barrios and Anthony Mounier both struck from the spot within two minutes to cancel out Giovanni Sio's opener - with Morgan Sanson
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers.
The H5N2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull.
The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond's Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment.
Mr Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.
The 27-year-old moved to Richmond in 2011 and has since taken on the role of multicultural ambassador.
Auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels.
The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-Corsage brooch.
It was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain.
Also for sale is a pair of antique emerald Indian bangles.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
Claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in Britain.
Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
The Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since 1984.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo on Twitter.
But next day, only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in photo.
In altered photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by $692 bill.
And in another photo, Kardashian was reportedly blurred out by copy of bill.
Study highlights areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground.
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
After killing Calvin Gholston, he felt a'self-described adrenaline fueled high' and went on to shoot Dorian Jenkins, 42, while he slept on the sidewalk in November.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
The Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals of the competition.
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 – a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season.
Mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.
The German thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality and it has helped Arsenal since.
Sara Martin, 37, from Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2010.
Mother-of-three, who uses wheelchair to get around, has not spoken since.
But one day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida'
Now, her family is taking her to Sarasota, south-west Florida, today.
They will drive 1,000-mile, 18-hour trip to coastal city, where she will relax.
Mrs Martin, who has three children, will be able to relax on Siesta Key Beach.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.
Researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday.
Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
This type of attack is uncommon and reportedly easy for malicious staff.
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London.
She accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine.
Just last week, Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against two new strains of influenza.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Aiken, 36, is the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress.
He body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers on Monday's Howard Stern Show, calling her a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot'
Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed.
Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register.
Former Arsenal and England defender has joined forces with David Harewood.
Campbell ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington last month.
He said his 'ambitions lie elsewhere in the political arena'
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth, in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles.
The Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' has been a fan of the brand's designs for years, and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company's Style Gallery.
ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign hopes to prove that fashion is accessible to everyone, no matter their size, shape or gender.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
She often does jobs with a Prince William and Prince Harry.
But she says she fancies the younger Prince Harry more than the royal couple.
Miss Bredo is now single after splitting from her boyfriend.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey.
The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million showdown with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft in 2018 using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS)
Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS -will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox.
The space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The 20-year-old woman flagged down a taxi believing it was a taxi.
But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged he drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.
She managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club.
Hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
The Ritz-Carlton Palm Beach is offering families the chance to have a pillow fight.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute.
Darren Bent doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a header.
Steve McClaren's side are now eight points adrift of relegation.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday.
Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia.
His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools.
He moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents.
Says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity.
Has been editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the Model United Nations.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain.
Raikkonen has been linked with a move to Ferrari next season.
Mercedes team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with the Finn.
Anderson Silva will compete for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team.
The 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport'
The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with officials.
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli has been named Football League Young Player of the Year.
He has also impressed for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament.
Lionel Messi was left out of both of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot problem.
The Barcelona star faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play.
ESPN claim that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month.
Barcelona are keeping tabs on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson.
Torino right back Matteo Darmian is linked with a move to Barcelona.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made sick by type 2 diabetes.
He had been told he may need a leg amputated and resisted with a passion.
But his sons Anthony and Ian have helped him shed six stone.
The brothers have filmed their journey to inspire others to do the same.
Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Burnley's clash with Tottenham.
Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley because of a knee injury.
Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues.
Burnley have scored just 14 goals in 15 Premier League home games this season.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1.
It took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room.
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
O'Donnell was jailed for 15 months in 1995 after he admitted to abusing 10 boys and two girls.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset.
Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image.
Mr Barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Sandown had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which McCoy fervently supports.
Thierry Henry was asked to be the Arsenal celebrity to hand over the trophy to McCoy.
But his Sky employers vetoed the move.
Emma Watson turns 25 today and has already carved a career.
She starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since 1997.
Neville believes Mourinho will be proud of his friend's achievements.
Manchester United have in-form midfielder Marouane Fellaini available.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
She was presented with an honorary high school diploma 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than England.
Argentine striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight.
Tevez says defending is better on the continent.
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Cody was trapped in a ditch in Belvedere, south London, for up to six hours.
He was finally freed at 2.55pm by firefighters and taken to stables.
Owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged.
She said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim.
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
The 33-year-old is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man.
Ali then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of road.
He was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world.
The 28-year-old has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal work hours are 8am to 2pm, Monday to Friday.
Bonnie's normal work day starts at 8am and ends at 2pm.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus federal court.
Mohamud had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment said.
He had told an associate that he wanted to go to a military base in Texas and 'kill three or four American soldiers execution-style'
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities.
Walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked, and that it may have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car.
Valencia was later taken down by an officer who hit him with his vehicle
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth.
He posted photos from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?', showing the beach and water far below his dangling feet.
The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton for £16million last summer.
Chambers has already made 36 appearances for the Gunners.
Wenger admitted to overplaying Chambers with only Santi Cazorla, Alexis Sanchez and Per Mertesacker having appeared more times this campaign.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
Labour dismissed criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen.
She has been using her personal pickup truck as a delivery truck because it is more maneuverable.
On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
After writing out the citation, the officers allowed Cheever and her volunteers to continue distributing the meals.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial free numbers.
Net result is millions of people dialling what should be free services.
Charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, Ofcom.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system.
In 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church;'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born'
He then said; 'I'll take anyone. Old or young, dad or mom, black, white, purple. I don't care. And I would be really appreciative. The best I could be'
This after Davion got into a fight with
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa.
The elite society boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.
Adam Kirby became the youngest person ever to join Mensa in June 2013 at the age of just two and a half.
Survey by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49% think Camilla should take traditional title of wife of reigning king.
35% believe she should be given lesser title out of respect to Diana.
Aides have always insisted Camilla does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
The condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Mrs Whitear can't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up.
She was only formally diagnosed three years ago.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday.
Rodriguez has recovered from a fractured right foot.
The Colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range.
The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts.
But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing in 2013.
Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
He managed to pull down his pants despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing.
Lichtsteiners is expected to line up against Monaco on Wednesday night.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Juventus news.
The man, known only as Chase, strides purposefully over to his girlfriend.
He then drops down on one knee and places a diamond ring on her finger.
The couple then engage in passionate embrace by the food counter.
Meanwhile their friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'Man this is real'
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney.
Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability.
Steven Davis, 57, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for Black Mass, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
The film is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked.
The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.
Hull boss Steve Bruce revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes.
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season.
The Frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since joining Arsenal in 2006.
Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says.
Mr Stunz's interest in penis modifications were piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great'
He moved on to saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has been lying undisturbed for centuries.
Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes.
It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.
The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked elderly man to his front door, holding his hand.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
The F-35 Lightning II is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code.
Villagers in China dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when they pumped the liquid to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
Louis van Gaal believes the midfielder is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
Dortmund midfielder Gundogan has been watched extensively by United.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
But the new model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent AIDS from developing in the long term.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button.
Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers.
If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
This is a feature built into most phones already.
The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
But in January Ed Balls warned the idea of scrapping non-dom would cost UK money.
Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas.
Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English.
The controversial remarks come after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back.
Mr Farage has also admitted today that he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of Ukip's election campaign.
Train was stalled underneath East River around 8.30am Monday morning.
Its conductor saw smoke coming from the track's third rail.
The train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station.
Service on the 7 line was suspended for just less than two hours.
No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint.
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account.
The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems.
Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in California that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
Kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in Oregon stop a similar measure in that state.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have.
The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
It was seemingly inspired by a much-derided, clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door.
The problems continued when CNN was unable to get a fly-on-the-wall view of Iran's nuclear negotiations.
Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of Libyans.
The once feared compound was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago.
Now only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds, covered in graffiti and revolutionary slogans.
Plans to turn the site into a national park have never materialised.
Lionel Messi has been with Barcelona since the age of 13.
The Argentine forward has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the club.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator.
A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly 'aggressive'
The beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old.
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday.
The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time.
United have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England.
But actual number could be far greater, experts warn.
World Health Organisation suggests at least one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems due to exposure to alcohol.
Staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu.
They called the police and ambulance after they found the baby girl.
The woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached.
She refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse.
More than 1,000 passengers formed a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But Parish has insisted he would remain involved in the club.
He says investment rather than a complete takeover is his preferred option.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Substitute Dimitar Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.
Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach the French Cup final.
Hadas had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
She now lives in the UK and says she doesn't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure.
The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy.
Girls are mutilated by someone with no medical training.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
He was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows.
The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing.
Father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically'
He is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
Jennifer, 46, works out three times a week with her long-term trainer.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
When she stays at a hotel, Aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
Chelsea trained at their base in Cobham on Friday ahead of Arsenal clash.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates.
Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury.
Dominic Solanke is in reserve, having missed Chelsea's Under 21 team match on Thursday.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him.
If he's as good as he's purported to be, he kills off Chelsea with his ability on the ball but he couldn't create the winning goal.
The cleaner your diet, the less likely you are to rely on supplements.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says Sarah Flower.
The nutritionist is also a keen advocate of incorporating as much healthy fat as possibly into your diet.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night.
The passenger was badly injured after the driver of the Ferrari smashed into the tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan desperately wanted to fit in at school.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition.
Last August, just a week after going on a school trip, the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom after leaving a note apologising to her family.
Activists boarded the Polar Pioneer rig in the Pacific Ocean on Monday.
They plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell says it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores but condemned the boarding.
Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west.
Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
A male family member told ABC News little Awel's condition has reduced from critical and she remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital.
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
She was discovered at Otago University and started her modelling career.
Has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of ASOS, Alexander McQueen, H&M, River Island and Urban Outfitters.
Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK.
It will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the United States.
Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the club's youth team has not gone unnoticed.
Pellegrino's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny.
City's first-choice managerial option remains current Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola.
Patti Boyd, 71, married property developer Rod Weston, 61, at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London.
The model, photographer and author, has found love for the third time with Weston.
She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
The body of Anna Ragin, 65, was removed from the Richmond area of San Francisco on Saturday.
The home was said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.
Neighbors said the elderly woman had not been seen for years.
She lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, who was taken to hospital.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his preparations.
The 38-year-old boxer completed a few lengths of a swimming pool.
Filipino-fighter Manny Pacquiao tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns.
The parody posts were written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
'Calling this a disappointment is an understatement,' fictional reviewer HavntSlept, from New York City, wrote before she complained about the 'long grueling hours'
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray claims he heard the 25-year-old 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself'
But he claims he could not see what Gray was doing, since they were separated by a metal partition.
The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy.
Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest.
The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box.
Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 in Evo-Stik North.
The Rebels are now two promotions away from the Football League.
FC will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012.
Phillips says her mother asked about ending her life via physician suicide on numerous occasions but said that at the time it was not a legal option for her.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
The Arsenal defender has played at right back, centre-back and midfield.
England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves has been offered a new Barcelona deal according to his agent.
The full-back's contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool are keeping tabs on the Brazil international.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three years old and won a yacht race aged nine.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100.
Some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate.
Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive'
Owner said he plans to appeal the decision.
The 29-year-old looked in high spirits as she left art gallery in Mayfair.
Was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte at launch party.
Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The report states that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine.
But studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger.
He found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.
Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger'
The Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.
Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents.
Doshay was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach.
He is currently being held without bail at the Vista jail.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club.
Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
'He has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time,' she said.
Van Ryn sat calmly in the dock and did not look at
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their Ligue 1 suspensions reduced by one match apiece.
Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee.
The suspensions have led to tensions with Canal+, the network which broadcast both video clips.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, was swimming.
He got into difficulty while swimming with four friends in Hampstead Heath.
Witnesses said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched.
They were reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews on the side, asking how long someone could survive under water.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is boxing's undisputed world champion.
He will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday night.
Mayweather will wear a mouthguard that costs $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill.
Washington Wizards moved 2-0 ahead on Toronto Raptors with 117-106 win.
LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Dallas Mavericks 99-91.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Houston Rockets 111-99 at the Toyota Center.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience.
For the ultra-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria, tells MailOnline Travel that some of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures.
The semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever by Dr Nicholas Crees.
He said: 'I feel completely let down by Dr Crees. I had no idea my teeth were in such a bad condition'
West Ham currently sit ninth in the Premier League's Respect and Fair Play table.
Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play.
The Hammers face Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Prelate sacked from religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted authorities.
Allegedly favoured role-play in which lover played Judas Escariot.
The 32-year-old man claimed he was contacted by the unnamed priest six months ago.
He said he was having problems at the time and thought 'it could have been a sign from heaven'
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in fourth place in the Premier League.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
The 24-year-old is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn.
Little girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown sitting on a ridge.
She tells man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds.
But whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions, fight and even become suicide bombers.
Greece has been locked in strained negotiations with creditors since winning elections in January.
The IMF debt stems from Greece's international bailout, under which the country was extended €240 billion in rescue loans from other eurozone countries and the IMF to prevent bankruptcy.
Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis has said that Greece is committed to making its repayments and accepts the fiscal restrictions imposed on the country but within reason.
A time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south.
At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients.
It claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
She 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked
Frank Sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra.
The 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother.
Rumours about the parentage of her son have long dogged the actress.
Farrow, now 70, said Sinatra was the great love of her life, and says, 'We never really split up'
Divock Origi has been following Liverpool's progress from across the English Channel.
The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal.
Origi has scored seven times in Ligue 1 this season.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the FLDS sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members.
Tetzner left the sect a year after leader Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men and underage women in the religion.
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless.
Hazard has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs in the ruins of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud.
The attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Islamic State militants have been destroying ancient relics on several sites, daying they promote idolatry that violate their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama.
It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
She wanted to share all the things she had learnt so that other mothers wouldn't feel as 'clueless' as she did.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for Villa.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
Their paper, by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, was published in Acta Astronautica.
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars.
CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate.
One brave neighbour who confronted the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen.
Bosnian international was involved in a brawl with security personnel.
The 34-year-old was incensed that security personnel wouldn't let his friends into the players changing rooms.
Leverkusen announced it was cooperating fully with the investigation.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods.
The 33-year-old was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday.
Dossena scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Thierry Henry hailed the display of Francis Coquelin in Arsenal's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor.
The former Gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo'
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she'
Video footage shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But ITV1's This Morning broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach.
Dawn was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched out across her lap.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’
Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in Khost, Afghanistan.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
He says it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his work.
The 26-year-old says he has taken evidence of threats to UK authorities on ten occasions.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Manchester City were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations.
The Premier League champions were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
Nearly 4,000 fans watched on from the stands as the Toffees trained.
Roberto Martinez's side take on Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium.
Romelu Lukaku did not take part in the session but is fit to play.
First Minister said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland.
But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion hole in Scotland's budget.
Miss Sturgeon struggled again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC.
She faced audience backlash by refusing to rule out a second referendum.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany.
Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A.
If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.
Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce was snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer.
The Hull manager has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the World Cup.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games.
England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham.
On a date in the 1990s, the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill.
Nowadays, the man or woman is also likely to try and photograph their food or keep their phone at the table.
Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Liverpool and PSV Eindhoven are interested in the 21-year-old.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Depay has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by Tim Henman.
Mourinho described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions.
Murray beat Novak Djokovic in the 2013 final to end Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The 47-year-old was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Klopp has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds.
They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change.
But not everyone is convinced.
Jake Malone, 60, flew more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen.
He met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago.
She lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company, according to her online profile.
Mr Malone decided to pay her a visit but found her company's address had been closed for years.
The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department.
A new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half.
They will then be relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists.
Bristol City Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
According to an affidavit, the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor.
He was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord.
Designer Abigail Ahern's new book, Colour, is out now.
Inspired by 'glammed-up neutrals' she says white hallways wouldn't have the same effect.
Ahern's top ten tips to colour confidence include colour in unexpected places.
Victorino Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He is also accused of deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, he wrote: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Carla Suarez Navarro defeated Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will now face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4 6-2.
Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression.
The Minister for Investment and Trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&A program.
He said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins'
He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that'really did the trick'
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for 'gender-based harassment and defamation'
He is accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts.
Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Wesley Sneijder launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on Saturday.
Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet.
Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video stealing from passenger luggage.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge.
In Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its name thanks to its hand-like shape.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time this season.
But City have blown their chances of retaining their title.
Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape.
UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class potential resource' under the Home Counties.
The oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin.
But the firm has now backtracked on its claims the UK could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the North Sea and Kuwait.
UKOG’s millionaire chairman David Lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car in downtown Atlanta.
At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her.
She was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital but died from her injuries.
Police are now looking for surveillance footage from the surrounding area.
Amanda Holden will host the new show on ITV highlighting plight of animals.
Show will highlight plight of the animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
Presenters include Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home'
Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
It was David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.
But experts warn that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon.
Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16.
Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday in Lambourn, Berkshire.
Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory since 1974.
Many Clouds owner Trevor Hemmings flew in by helicopter from his Isle Of Man home.
The gelding is expected to return to action at Cheltenham on Wednesday.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Ashley Cole.
Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006.
Helen Flanagan, 24, stepped out recently in a floral midi dress.
Blake Lively, 27, was the epitome of flowy boho maternity style.
Angelina Jolie, 39, also adopted this style during her pregnancy with twins.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
She was convicted by a jury in White Plains, New York, last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship.
The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible.
Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion.
Ally McCoist was axed as Rangers manager in December.
The record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since.
McCoist has spent the four months since on garden leave.
Argentina says it is taking legal action against three British and two US companies.
It accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore basin 120 miles north.
Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said islands belong to her.
Foreign Office summoned her ambassador for dressing down after provocative speech.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep said.
The wedding took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Goldsmiths students' union banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women.
Event sparked backlash on social media, with one user writing: 'Isn't this racism – and why wasn't she prosecuted?'
Organisers later appeared to back down, with the statement 'Allies now welcome!'
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave at the end of next season.
Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder will work alongside head coach Stuart Gray.
Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form a three-man sporting director by committee at Hillsborough.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge shortly after birth.
After an unsuccessful attempt to unclog them, a liver transplant was the family's only option.
While the baby's mother was not a suitable match, her twin sister proved an ideal candidate.
James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations.
Lockwood was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping.
A sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But subsequent scans have shown it is a minor ankle sprain.
The German defender is likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista.
Liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season.
Only Crystal Palace (Dwight Gayle and Mile Jedinak) and Sunderland (Adam Johnson and Steven Fletcher) have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool.
Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge have scored more than Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard combined.
Ivan Rakitic and wife Raquel Mauri have been married since 2013.
The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona.
Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to confirm he will soon be a father.
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, on Wednesday.
The site refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns.
Slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back on Saturday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations
Chancellor met Henry the Hoover at campaign stop in Somerset.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the hoover brands.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham.
QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three.
A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Sheila was born by cesarean section last month after Mack was transferred from her prison cell to hospital.
Prosecutors have asked judges in the holiday resort to jail Mack and her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer for 15 years and 18 years respectively.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
They were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car.
Couple's daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, 6, has been left orphaned by crash.
Norman, of Massachusetts, arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, death resulting, and driving to endanger - death resulting.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived.
The 12-year-old boy managed to get away from the scene and give information to police before being hospitalized and undergoing surgery.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006.
But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing.
Craig Phillips was 28 when he appeared on the first series of Big Brother in 2000.
The county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday up and down the country.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress.
Edin Dzeko is an option for Juventus who have sounded out his representatives.
The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.
The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
It took several days for the loo to be completed.
The Queen's Guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover.
He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle.
The incident was caught on camera by tourist David Meadwell.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in the island.
It's a large island, about a quarter of the size of Majorca but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
Documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales.
At least 35 workers have been killed at a dairy factory in Yemen as Saudi Arabian warplanes continue to bomb rebel positions.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
Attack comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president, Abed Rabbo Mans
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2% from 2013.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged - up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes.
High-profile convictions of Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall have made victims feel more confident about coming forward.
Supercar salespeople Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari sell luxury cars to the super rich.
A standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000.
Some of the industry's more sought-after vehicles can expect to sell for millions at London's prestigious car auctions.
Supercars: The Million Pound Motors, airing tonight, is on Channel 4.
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her.
In the lawsuit, unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship.
Koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
The woman who filed the civil lawsuit is the same one mentioned in the criminal case.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder (shown with the ISS and Space Shuttles illustrated) could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
The ‘space mushroom’ was designed by Bill Kemp and Ted Maziejka from Washington-D.C.
The final design would be 330ft (100 metres) in diameter and 1
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern 'beat David Alderson and left him to drown'
They then stole £40,000 from a safe where he kept a haul of guns.
Police originally thought the 72-year-old died as a result of falling from his bike.
Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned.
Aston Villa striker is hoping to return to action against Manchester City.
The 28-year-old missed Villa’s semi-final victory over Liverpool.
The boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother Li.
The 50-year-old had adopted the boy when he was six after being given up.
She thought she was sending her child to a better life away from rural area.
Instead, shocking images show the child covered in injuries.
They include cuts to his ear where he was hit with a metal rod.
He was also beaten with a water pipe and scars all over his back.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
Last month, Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for what government representatives called a'major military exercise'
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled Forest's advantage with an acrobatic strike.
Gary Gardner scored for Nottingham Forest to half the deficit with 72 minutes to play.
Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, are spending £10,000 on Las Vegas trip.
Pregnant mother of 11 is planning to renew vows during 'no expense spared' jaunt.
The couple are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for two-week 'no-expense spared' break.
Couple hit headlines last year after demanding bigger council house for brood.
A dashboard camera has captured the road rage incident on a Melbourne road.
It started when the red ute driver appeared frustrated with the slow traffic.
Three young people got out of the ute to confront the threatened driver.
One woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet.
The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and fined $2000.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment.
They then took to social media to post images of themselves.
But they were reported for being 'offensive'
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his Surrey home.
Burglars targeted the property, in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based, and made off with the 4x4.
Ghana midfielder Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank actor Mark Wahlberg for stopping by to see the Filipino going through his paces.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf'
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group.
Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.
From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli.
The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
The Movistar rider finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing the race.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October.
He contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved.
When animals are brought in, Rademenes goes up to them and supports them.
A shocking'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a Texas church has been caught on camera.
In the clip capturing the attempted resurrection, the boy identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza.
The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons.
Newcastle United lost 2-0 to Liverpool in the Tyne-Wear derby on Monday.
Jack Colback says the club's fans deserve more than they get.
The midfielder was one of the only players who deserves credit this season.
Dawn Bainbridge led a 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes.
She and her two daughters stole from high street stores and sold them online.
Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments.
One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
Bainbridge jailed for 30 months, daughter Claire for 20 months and sister Caitlyn, 19, for 16 months.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama was reportedly ‘beside himself’ as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton.
The pair have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries across the world.
Among the landmarks they have visited are the Eiffel Tower and Berlin Wall.
Birmingham City beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season for Birmingham.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal after extra-time at Wembley on Saturday.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband.
He struggled to flit between roles of employee and dad.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year.
The 63-year-old self-made millionaire Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008.
He is also an investor in Boost Juice bars around Australia and is the former vice-president of AFL club Hawthorn.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep.
He was in the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court.
A retrial had to be ordered and the child had to give evidence for a second time.
Cattan was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness because of her age.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job at Manchester City in the summer.
The Chilean has made the shallowest of footprints in English football.
Vincent Kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons.
Samir Nasri is just one player who may fret a little about his future this summer.
Emma Dickson, 31, was taken to hospital with two blood clots in her lungs.
The clots had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
She was told she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill.
There was also a risk the clot could have travelled to her brain, causing a stroke.
A month after being discharged from hospital Mrs Dickson was able to plan her wedding.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, India.
Virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.
India has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
In an effort to shed light on the rape epidemic, Krakauer had interviewed five alleged victims of rape for his book.
Among them Kelsey Belnap, who revealed that during her sophomore year at the University of Montana
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for £18million in 2006.
He has been consistently overlooked by England since then.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Carrick in 95 per cent of games.
But Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not.
Carrick has lifted the Premier League trophy on five occasions.
Women ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000.
On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
Prices are bespoke, depending on how stained or damaged a bag is, with costs for minor repairs starting at £24.95 and the average restoration costing £135.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years.
More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010.
The surgery involves reducing the size of a woman's labia minora.
This is done by cutting away the ‘excess’ skin with a scalpel or possibly a laser, and stitching up the loose edge with dissolvable stitches.
Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists have called for more research to try and better understand women's motivations.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored to give City the three points.
Sportsmail's Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Modern Family star's attorney said Friday the actress has no intention of destroying the embryos she created with ex Nick Loeb but has no plans to use them either.
Loeb, 39, wants a judge to order that the female embryos may not be destroyed, but that Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket'
The Age had a special tribute edition to Benaud on Saturday.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Sterling has revealed that he hopes Liverpool fans create a chant for him.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Tingey, 18, became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against Swindon.
Wiltshire, also 18, is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 red balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield.
The Reds captain Gerrard lost a family member during the disaster.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended.
A host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher attended.
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002.
He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years.
The museum in Bloomsbury, central London, received 6.7 million visitors in 2014/15.
Efe Obada has been signed by the Dallas Cowboys.
The 22-year-old only played five American football games last season.
Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract.
Trainee police officer will star in Curvy Kate's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue.
Adams will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in their collection shot in the Mediterranean.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast.
Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards.
The 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012.
School wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
The disposition of the case was not immediately known.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in UK, including one in Slovakia.
Vile trade also includes sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in the UK to raise the child.
Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials in Britain and overseas.
Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014.
The 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters par three contest on Wednesday.
Dustin Johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 35th minute.
Jason Puncheon doubled the lead in the second half.
Yaya Toure pulled one back for Manchester City.
City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Pregnant woman left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel.
Her partner dived under vessel to retrieve emergency flare from capsized boat.
Alarm raised after man spotted couple in water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent.
HM Customs cutter Valiant was able to locate upturned vessel within minutes.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies.
She also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24.
Two 18-year-old men were arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Actor says Scientology has helped him'save lives' including his own.
Says it has been a support system for his family for four decades.
Comes amid claims church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material'
Travolta, 61, is promoting his new thriller The Forger.
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone.
She assumed she must have an allergy and switched brands.
But when switching brands failed to help, she developed night sweats.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is painless swellings in neck.
Chris Ramsey watched QPR hold off Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road.
The QPR boss then witnessed Cesc Fabregas' late winner.
Ramsey's devastation was shared by the Hoops fans.
Chelsea moved seven points clear of nearest challengers Arsenal.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whales - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US, and the much rarer Western gray whale.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted.
12% of people questioned thought that the child should be named after William's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each.
If the child is a boy then 13% would like him to be called James, with the second favourite name being Alexander.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police.
She was a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester.
After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month.
Her husband followed two days later aged 94.
Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby.
Chris Noakes added two penalties and two conversions.
Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
The motoring programme's website used to feature the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page.
Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.
Puno is a city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca.
It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one.
The Uros Islands in the middle of the lake are made from totora reeds.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.
Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
A fight then ensued and Engelhardt was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor.
Derry Mathews' world title challenge is in limbo after Richar Abril withdrew.
The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool.
Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city.
Daphne Selfe, 86, stars in campaign for Vans and & Other Stories.
Says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist'
Has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series.
Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim and remained at the front during the cycle.
Brownlee saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
University of Hawaii spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests, but that access to site must be maintained.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer collaboration attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay.
Speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price, including a $150 hammock for $799 and a $34 maxi dress for $202.50.
Three-year-old Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who earned £ 2.4million.
Lagerfeld, 82, said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to be used to advertise food for other cats.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
Each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up, more laughter ensues.
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world.
They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them.
Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for its gambling and temptation.
Singapore, or 'Lion City', is another interesting one.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal.
American Steffen Peters was in third.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
The 18-year-old revealed she had been bullied about her appearance and weight.
She said she is going to turn negative comments into a positive for her life.
Roman Abramovich is the 50th richest man in the world.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has faced.
Fellaini was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to United at Anfield last month.
The Belgian also praised Wayne Rooney and Phil Jagielka.
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
The research was conducted by Dr Elena Temereva from the Department of Invertebrate Zoology at the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Today, humans and many other organisms are bilaterally symmetric - we have a clearly discernible top and bottom, and a left and right.
England captain Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century since May 2013.
Cook is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
England face West Indies in the second Test at the National Cricket Ground Stadium on Sunday.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to secure a vital point for the visitors.
Brad Guzan's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Chancellor refuses to rule out further cuts for Britain's top earners.
Instead says Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500.
Raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning at least £50,000 was also a priority.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to a rally when she was 13.
The teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join IS.
He admitted going to two further rallies with his impressionable daughter in tow.
The lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people.
It came in a lawsuit filed last year by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, an organization headed by firebrand blogger Pamela Geller that's behind the advertisement.
In the ad, a man's menacing face wrapped with a checkered scarf is shown next to the quote, which is attributed to "Hamas MTV"'
The MTA
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her tumour.
'I thought this is meant to happen and maybe this baby is going to be my strength to get me through,' she said.
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Police say post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's advisor.
Rodgers says he has sat down with Sterling to discuss his future.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
Chelsea face Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby.
Diego Costa is the only player on Mourinho's injury list.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
The soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on property.
He falsely claimed wife Jeanette, 49, worked as company executive.
But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood where son regularly rode quad bikes.
Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014.
Also faces money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court.
Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of date rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.
The law defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Amanda blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because never actually said 'No', even though she wasn't a willing participant.
Chancellor refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if Conservatives win.
Chancellor appeared to leave door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of payments worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Picture circulating on social media site SnapChat believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock.
In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen.
Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
The council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal.
James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
From writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat...
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Her treating haematologist said the mother understood the risks of her refusal to accept blood.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
If true, the claim could rewrite pre-history in the region and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation
Eight-minute video shows fighters celebrating capture of Jisr al-Shughour.
Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian warplanes killed some 20 fighters.
The city in northwestern Idlib province was captured by a terrorist alliance.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
The Chelsea manager was pitchside as Fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the Premier League International Cup semi-final clash.
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then 44 years old.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn.
Andy Lee's bout with Peter Quillin will no longer be a title fight.
The 30-year-old Irishman was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year.
American Quillin failed to make required 160 lbs weight.
Quillin says he has faced struggles his whole life and that this fight will just be the latest in a long line.
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch killer, is serving a life sentence for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999.
Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack.
Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to Shotts Prison.
Manuel Pellegrini says City's academy players are not ready for first team.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
City also linked with Arsenal’s Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley.
Pellegrin's assertions may mean City buy English players like Raheem Sterling to reach homegrown quotas.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in the Conference North on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench.
His on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street.
Hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating Lindsay Lohan.
Campaign aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress.
Photographer Perou in Braithwaite Tunnel captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
The images are accompanied by the logo #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes.
It was revealed that 20 per cent of people believe victims are partly responsible if they're drunk.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain.
Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM.
Comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against Labour government.
It also echoes controversial remarks by Boots chief executive Stefano Pessina.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor.
A small electric motor will drive its front wheels and a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years’ time.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on the internet auction site.
It has a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage.
For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch, which was made by Quartz and released to promote Apple’s Mac Operating system, a 'rare collector item’
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both smashed the 35-goal mark this season.
The 17-year-olds are in the form of their lives, enhancing their reputations every time they find the net.
Jose Mourinho said his first-team squad had space for 'three or four kids' next season.
Prime Minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Mr Cameron has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
This is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
He is one of five Chechan men who have been accused of killing the opposition leader.
Dadaev was the only one, according to a judge and investigators, who confessed to the killing.
A human rights activist said he had abrasions on his body.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime.
It includes first-hand evidence from his brother, Boris, into the killer's'secret victim'
Boris Milat was jailed for the first crime his brother committed.
Milat was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992.
He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
According to claims made by the program, Milat would have been about 19 when he claimed his first victim.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions.
In 2013 Pope Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing.
Polish man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
Police appeal for anyone who recognises him to come forward.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies.
Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Memo for members of Congress states UK'may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda'
It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each.
He uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords.
The blades are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as Canada.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties.
He will borrow phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader.
Sip subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive properties.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand Frederick's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand.
The retailer announced on it's website that it 'no longer have store locations,' reminding customers that its 'online store offers the same selection of products'
'As a company, I think they became old and stale,' Ron Friedman, a retail expert at consulting and accounting firm Marcum, said.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office.
Kardashian's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post.
The image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April.
It shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture.
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant.
Judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates.
She started ranting at staff at Leicester Square station in central London.
Hussain, originally from Iraq, denied assaulting the two workers.
But she was found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season.
Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Ibrahimovic for playing an 'essential' role.
Ibrahimovic is available for the club's Champions League clash with Barcelona.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc Caleb Barnes, have been charged with killing the girl's mother.
Cheryl, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15.
Barnes, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, was previously charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in Europe this season.
Lionel Messi has eight in the Champions League this term.
But Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has netted on nine occasions.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support on social media.
This is the third annual Football Shirt Friday, and it kicked off in April to coincide with Bowel Cancer Awareness Month.
The Bobby Moore Fund's website says: 'Our only opposition is bowel cancer'
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
Comments raise prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories.
Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls - with David Cameron's Tories moving to 36 per cent.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role of director of England cricket.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium.
Fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol during Sunday's game.
The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two away games behind closed doors.
Last month, fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants.
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova won the men's singles at Roland Garros last year.
But the tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
The main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds.
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Winnie was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress, which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels.
A majority is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
The turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on Earth Day.
Patient is being treated at the Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast.
They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a seven-night tour of southern Spain.
The tour kicks off in Madrid, with a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral.
From Seville, fans will head to Alcazar, a former Muslim fort that is celebrated for its Mudejar architecture.
Former England captain Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the Grand National at Aintree.
The £88,400 haul was by far the biggest pot he has collected in his 24-race career.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen.
The Danish midfielder has been with girlfriend for almost three years.
Eriksen hasn't scored since January's 3-0 win over West Brom.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Defender David Raven scored the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career.
Raven hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against Falkirk.
Neanderthals inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, 200,000 years ago.
The fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside Neanderthal camps.
Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests suggest that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois.
She was killed alongside husband Clem, 84, and also injured her husband, 84.
Photograph was taken around 1980 to feature in church directory.
Widower Clem Schultz was in the house with his wife when the storm struck.
But he was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy after she was spotted wandering.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death.
Prosecutors previously said that Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an SUV.
The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29, instantly.
During the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing, the former executive at PPG Industries Inc
Dr George Hamilton, Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket, draped in an American flag, was led in.
Scott's mother Judy Scott was among the mourners at the service, arriving with other family members in a fleet of black limousines.
Louis Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships.
The British gymnast won silver and bronze at London 2012.
Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Claudia Fragapane.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a blow to his foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
The forward did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break.
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home.
It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
Spain and New Zealand added earlier this month, it now applies in 18 countries.
Former Brazil defender Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
Owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
But the 41-year-old angered Massone again after Ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border.
He was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she heard of his death.
She paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Mr Johnston is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom.
The black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds.
Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Andriy Yarmolenko tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month.
PSG are weighing up options with Manchester United refusing to budge on Angel di Maria.
The 25-year-old was a target for West Ham and Stoke last summer.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed.
But he refused to say how he will find the money or how it will be spent.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black.
The cable TV network will screen every episode in a full season marathon.
This is in an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the Australian market.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931.
He was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp.
Bader was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
His life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Peter Ustinov bought the DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus.
The car was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500.
It went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph, making it one of the fastest cars of the era so attracted interest from the rich and famous.
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world.
Morocco were banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The ban was imposed by the Confederation of African Football.
They were fined $1 million and demanded a further $9 million in compensation.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça.
American band are inspired by radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
Their songs feature violent imagery and include violent imagery.
Video for first single on group's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
He is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
The 18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tum
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis stole her pet chicken as a child in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian wannabe singer says the pair were 'inseparable' as children.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills.
Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground.
He was jet washing the roof of a home in Greenwich, south east London.
A neighbour noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles.
Building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan both hit the woodwork for the Bairns.
Craig Sibbald scored the winner in the 74th minute to set up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood's side are on a run of four wins in seven.
Liverpool have captain Steven Gerrard back for the semi-final.
Sherwood has been a fan of Sterling since he was 14.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune.
He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother.
Activists say he stole money from the country while operating at the heart of its government.
Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
For the first time yesterday, details emerged about the UK company at the heart of the probe.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season.
But the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating James Anderson.
England were held to a draw in the opening Test of a three-match series.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills into a business.
She travels the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations.
With more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, Rhiannon spotted a gap in the market for elegantly-resented hotel reviews.
The Instgrammer has travelled the world from Indonesia to the US and Mexico to document great hotels.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone.
They grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag, but she fought back.
She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone.
Cynthia Lennon, 75, died at her home in Spain after a short battle with cancer.
She married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to fame.
But the couple divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship.
Her son Julian tweeted a picture of his mother inside a heart with the message 'In Loving Memory'
She later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband.
Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
He cost €16million (£11.5m) and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the World Cup in Qatar in 2022.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London.
Singleton's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at Minneapolis International Airport and, once again, nothing was found.
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire.
The tiny chihuahua quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on Wednesday 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Only Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed.
Japanese get an hour and a half less sleep, according to users of Sleep Cycle app.
Radamel Falcao failed to score against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
Colombian forward was denied space and room to breathe by John Terry.
Falcao looked like a man short of match fitness, the usual sharpness that is expected of a player in a game of this magnitude.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
PFA chief Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling for postponing talks.
Sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber'
F1 fan ran across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix.
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars.
He then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage.
It is believed the man shouted: 'I want a car. I have got a ticket'
The escapade will alarm Chinese officials, said to be embarrassed by the incident.
Video posted on social media site Vine shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking, before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game.
Seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose'scissors' as his option.
The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left completely speechless with relief.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
Pauline Hanson said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong.
The One Nation leader also defended the anti-Islam protests across Australia.
She said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture.
Sam Allardyce isn't that man. He had his chance and did not take it.
If a new manager is being considered, it is understandable.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
UAE president Sol Mokdad believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
His family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides Kathmandu.
Hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river, as families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones.
The Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace'
It will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)
The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth.
Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia.
The Barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg.
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn.
They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal.
Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
The family homes have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £250,000.
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector.
Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Historical researcher Michael Paulkovich has claimed that Jesus of Nazareth did not exist after being unable to find any verifiable mention of Christ in historical texts.
He claims that he is a fictional character invented by followers of Christianity to create a figure to worship.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his best with him in attack.
Ferdinand praised Louis van Gaal for moving Rooney further up the pitch.
He also praised the return of Michael Carrick and Ander Herrera.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism.
Boy was held in Blackburn after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester.
Girl was arrested after police raid house on Friday as part of same investigation.
Both were bailed until May 28 after being bailed by Greater Manchester Police.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal.
It lumped Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets.
He told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson.
But he booked flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales, she tweeted.
Miss Canham is a model from Kettering, Northamptonshire.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Mr Butler said in 2006 that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her unscheduled detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
They drag the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature.
As it is legal to fish for sharks in NZ, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing'
Shark anglers use peep release techniques to'send sharks happily on their way after gaining 'biggest-catch' bragging rights'
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas.
The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited her son's grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
She was paralyzed from the neck down and unable to carry a child.
A friend from college, Laurel Humes, offered to be their surrogate.
Rachelle and Chris Chapman will welcome their baby girl on April 18.
The baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, North Carolina.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex.
Kane had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
Authorities first took notice of Kane, 46, when he posted an ad last October that said 'daddy/daughter. Love younger women'
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard is an eight-time champion at the tournament.
Nadal hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again when she found out.
Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
An appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues striker was forced to come off after 10 minutes.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club.
The club has close links to a notorious, now-closed prison.
Police say that the killings, that took place late on Saturday night, are not related to any football rivalry.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer.
MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
Britain met the 0.7 per cent aid target last year, spending £11.7billion.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
New total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running.
Paul Childs burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011.
Air steward said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering'
He is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal they are HIV positive.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett is running for the party in Vauxhall, central London.
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme song from 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air'
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on Zoumana Camara.
The duo dunked the 36-year-old's face into his cake on Friday.
PSG travel to Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water.
The 28-second video has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
Once the water has splashed out of the glass, simply peel lift the shell from the egg with no hassle.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in power.
But polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority.
She has suggested a full-blown coalition, with SNP ministers in the Cabinet, is unlikely to be the outcome.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
Heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand.
Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing.
He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail.
Kerr was jailed along with Christopher Moody for murder of Maureen Comfort.
She was found dead in 1996 after being murdered by Kerr and Moody.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
But in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Labour councillor, 31, said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back'
She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others: 'I will not be ashamed about who I am'
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university.
Meanwhile, the statement says McConoughhey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future.
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005.
It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85% and ovarian cancer by 50%.
She had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk.
But in 2007, the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer.
Since then, Mrs Hannigan has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in the space of a year.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day.
Rodriguez returned from a 162-game suspension for performance-enhancing drugs.
Fans held up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer.
Liverpool crashed out of the FA Cup after a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa.
Brendan Rodgers must accept criticism for his side's poor form.
The club's transfer committee is under scrutiny.
Only three of the 17 players they have bought over the last two summers have delivered.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is on sale for £25.
It contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
For customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
NAC Breda lost 2-1 to FC Dordrecht in the Eredivisie on Saturday.
Robert Maaskant was furious after his side gave away a two-goal lead.
The 46-year-old then turned to his bench to express his dissatisfaction.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised.
Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.
After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke.
Judge Cooke expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday.
The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi.
Among the many problems he cited were the costumes that were being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically'
But he was freed after serving just two months on remand.
Victim Support charity said 'victims deserve justice'
William Bird captured the video while out with his seven-year-old stepson.
The £126million jets were approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland.
As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
It was taken on the same day that Typhoons were deployed by the Royal Air Force.
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds.
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Organisations such as the Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded.
The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand.
Woolworths caused controversy for overlaying its
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that Wonga might change its name.
Firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending and compensation.
Last year, Wonga took a £35million hit from writing off 300,000 personal loans.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September.
The former Brookside actress has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying the teen was on the platform and that 'he was going to end it'
His mother Stacey Vaughan told the inquest how she had immediately phoned Joshua, an apprentice at an insurance firm, and found that he was crying.
By the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line.
Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle today to reveal he is homeless.
The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
In the last nine years since becoming famous, seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents.
Presenters Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall star in campaign.
Celebrates finding perfect hair shade with Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache.
Last week Demelza Poldark was barely showing – but she is now the proud mother.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’ll gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
Her husband Sabino Matera has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media.
The 37-year-old is now speaking with police about her disappearance.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener.
Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Chelsea Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader.
'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there,' said Clinton.
Clinton, who looks almost unrecognizable in the accompanying fashion spread, also talks about life with daughter Charlotte.
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’
But the rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties.
In one ridiculous picture, he tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera, topped off by a military cap.
The ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton.
Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Crucial issues will be the amount of travel involved and how much power the new director will hold on selection and the hiring and firing of captains and coaches.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year.
Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea complete the list of players.
The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26.
The FA Cup trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final to end nine-year trophy drought.
A house in Narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week's storm in NSW.
A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
Fire and Rescue Superintendent Kel McNamara said the demolition methods were slightly unusual, and he had never seen anything like it.
The SES has had over 11,000 calls for assistance across the state, and insurance companies have received more than 19,500 claims, with losses estimated at $129 million.
About 2000 people are still stranded by
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit.
An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Ms Gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London.
She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany.
Ozcelik has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
Protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial.
Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare.
They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
The decision was announced by French President Francois Hollande following last summer’s 70th anniversary celebrations.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare.
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor.
Mr Cameron said the Tories were overhauling the benefit system.
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila.
According to a family friend, the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were served their execution notices and are set to be executed at the stroke of midnight
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was 147th most popular in Britain.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000 and is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out completely.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP.
The pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises.
Pub declared its support over the weekend and provoked a 'Marmite' reaction.
One customer said: 'Drinking elsewhere now. F*** this UKIP'
It is UKIP's 'Save the Pub' campaign which has swayed the pub's support.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily.
Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday.
Thiago Alcantara scored in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Tuesday.
David Moyes' need for passing quality was apparent throughout his time at the club.
Without quality in that area, few teams can compete at the elite level any more.
There are few players in the world who can pass like Thiago.
Michael Slager, 33, will be refused right to hold baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
Baby will not be able to enter the South Carolina prison until jail chiefs decide that the baby's health would not be at risk from being there.
Inuit would have entertained polite company in their settlements while wearing a thong made of seal fur.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt.
It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection.
In 17th century Iceland, sorcerers wore 'trousers' made of a dead friend's skin that were said to bring them wealth.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe came to about 2,100 µSv.
West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1.
Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Van driver unleashes foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after M6 crash.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane and two vehicles collide.
Car towing caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Video was posted on Shropshire-based Facebook user Mark Hazell's account.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
He suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor's errors, ruled Stuart Fisher.
In a damning report, he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘unorthodox and unacceptable’ way.
Senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par.
Spieth finished joint-second with Bubba Watson at last year's tournament.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk at Sydney's Carriageworks.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
This year also marks a record for Hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at MBFWA.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa on Sunday.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him.
The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched.
Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams.
Once they log in, they can set a virtual date and invite their friends.
They can then choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves'
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was taken off the field during Surrey's match against Oxford University.
Pietersen was hit on the hand while fielding close-in during Oxford's second innings.
The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour.
She had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 was stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of drama.
CCTV shows woman moving victim's shopping trolley before leaving market.
Police have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
A survey by Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
The most popular filling is American cheese, followed by cheddar and mozzarella.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property.
This surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews'someone' had been run down.
But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been knocked down by a car.
East on England ambulance said it receives around 2,500 calls per day.
In the last two years it has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need help.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along religious and secular lines.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form.
Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took daughter-in-law Monika.
Brzezinska, 34, and Bejamin Khoury, 26, also admitted fraud.
They were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the home in Bayswater, West London.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the visitors.
Stan Collymore has been a talkSPORT commentator since 2008.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue.
Mr Galloway produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at hustings.
He said Ms Shah has 'only a passing acquaintance with the truth'
But Ms Shah hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
Labour say they have written to Mr Galloway to warn him not to repeat them.
Seal pup suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being run over.
The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her death.
Six-month-old seal had been rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Experts believe that she was struck by a jet ski or speed boat.
Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
Head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
Newcastle are nine points clear of danger with six matches to play.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at Sunderland.
The Argentinian defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season.
Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Money Man vs PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history.
Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
MCC reveals plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to 30,000.
A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included.
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled.
Researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland.
The study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests.
There is also plenty of 'terrace' area, with sunloungers and ladders down into the sea.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
The Celtic left back is still low but trying to raise his eyes to the remaining challenge of finishing off with a domestic Double.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che.
They accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
The pair are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne’s International Comedy Festival.
Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
NHS says guidance will improve patient care, but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from the law for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women.
He had been laying low in Sydney, where he found work as a labourer and handyman, but couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends.
The sex attacker, who goes by 'Stig' on Facebook, boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle, saying he wanted to meet women.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburns.
But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand.
MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Seven have Manchester United connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
Xabi Alonso will be lining up for Bayern Munich looking for his third Champions League triumph.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' kids being picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend.
The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves'
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police while walking through Silver Spring on Sunday.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Usk, South Wales.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000.
Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection.
His favourite doll is Annabel, who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old.
Ian avoids buying his dolls on eBay as there is no guarantee they would be haunted.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada.
He followed it in his own vehicle and took the perfect selfie.
The image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Arsenal drew 1-1 with Chelsea at the Emirates in the Premier League.
Oscar and David Ospina collided with the Chelsea man.
Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness got their own live hero shot.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
One driver in a silver Mercedes obviously wasn't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic.
He attempted to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait.
But to his shock, a Renault then pulls into the inside to block the Mercedes.
The swerving goes back and forwards for over a minute before both drivers wind down their windows to confront each other.
Voyager 2 space probe sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares.
In Bulgaria it is genuine: practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir.
Many hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as dead.
The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis.
Ward posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words 'My ride to the game wasn't bad'
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash.
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
He said: 'Up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, your watch and even your tie without you noticing'
Mr Cameron could be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Wanquan Castle was built in 1393 and protected by a 12-metre wall.
The fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by the imposing fortress.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its previous glory.
Work will include the restoration of the Great Wall Martial Museum, the Golden Harvest Academy and performance theatres.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames.
The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland.
She was just one week into her dream gap-year when she tragically drowned.
Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
A review slammed the tour guides' handling of the situation and claiming photographs were deliberately deleted.
Ms Farrell's father Patrick Farrell said he was not going on a 'witch hunt' but was desperate to get the truth about his daughter's death and the photographs.
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City.
He is begging people to ride him for five yuan – the equivalent of 54p.
The unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his son.
Nine-year-old Chen Minghao has been in and out of hospital for treatment since 2011.
His father said begging on the street while dressed as a horse was a 'last resort' but he would 'gladly do anything' for his child.
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff.
She was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was killed.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught.
Now, Joyce's cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused police of a 'cover-up'
He said the force has ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040.
Mr Phillips said: 'This smacks of a cover-up to me'
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at Marseille.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31, but the odds were still stacked against visitors Lorient.
Florian Thauvin might have given Marseille a sixth-minute lead after combining with Andre-Pierre Gignac.
But the Breton side were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes through Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou.
Soldiers were buried at Prowse Point Cemetery, south of Ypres.
They were buried with full military honours in an emotional ceremony this morning.
No relatives have been found, and their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God'
It is thought they were given a field burial after being killed in October 1914.
There are around 187,000 graves from the First World War that bear the inscription.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
The TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date.
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste.
They watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Researchers say the genes were lost after cold Antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception.
University of Michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery.
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday in Marylebone.
The attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag.
She ran away when she fought them off and is said to have been left in tears.
Her father Paul adopted her after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up.
Chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy.
Jamie Carragher backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield.
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the Calbuco volcano.
'There aren't many people here,' the hiker says in Spanish in the video.
The Volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption.
Officers found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for fillings of 'pastels', a Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Ruilonc is reportedly one of a group of Chinese businessmen who own dozens of pastry houses in Rio de Janeiro.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United head coach.
Thousands of supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs.
Carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis.
Princess Eugenie looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner.
The 25-year-old looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
She was joined by Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
She was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the drama and English teacher.
Ms Scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace at about 11am, where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday.
Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts.
Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings.
Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities.
Tibetan Mastiffs are now so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses.
The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Previously, wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions.
Livingston face Alloa in their first national final in 11 years on Sunday.
Darren Cole was granted time off by the Championship side.
But he returned to training on Wednesday and is due to work with the players again.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
Valecce had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in the city's northeast.
The basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
The private jet also includes its own executive and sous-in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup third round.
John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside.
The Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list.
They put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win.
Who else made the XI? Scroll down to find out.
Billy McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles.
He was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967.
The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way.
Work on the statue of McNeill will begin immediately.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
He faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
A man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
'We knew we were totally lost at sea,' said regatta participant Rhonda Morgan Gilreath.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at Tottenham under Mauricio Pochettino.
The 31-year-old striker has made just nine league starts this season.
Tottenham are willing to subsidise his £100,000-per-week wages.
Chairman Daniel Levy has shown reluctance to take such measures in the past.
Oskar Groening is on trial for complicity in the killing of 300,000 people.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him.
Groening has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
The 93-year-old former death camp clerk was known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz.
West Ham host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost four of their last six matches.
The Hammers are also in need of a pick-me-up after Stoke defeat.
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
The plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks in the Sahara Desert.
Father-of-three, known affectionately by friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables.
Competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees.
The 918 Spyder is part of a promotional tour of Australia.
The car is driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird.
He switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Moody, 36, said: 'We didn't know anything was wrong'
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer.
Small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
Up to 3,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported in the UK each year.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore.
Manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
But she received handwritten apology letter and gift card for ice cream.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored their 400th Champions League goal.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Real Madrid have 436 Champions League goals, while Barcelona have 349.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo.
It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils in the last 16.
SNP demands retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions.
Miss Sturgeon said rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners.
She issued demand for huge inflation-busting increase in State pension.
Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of UK.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show.
She vowed to try the method, which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off.
But Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Gregor Townsend says he is targeting to be fit for the Rugby World Cup.
Kyle Hargreaves, 18, jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court.
Paramedics found him kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle.
Crew had left doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man.
They returned to find Hargresaves and the girl lying on top of each other.
When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, he said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex'
Teenager then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
Country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in city.
Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed Mexican government offered studios $20m to ensure positive portrayal of country in Spectre.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes.
But PM hailed today as'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes.
Protesters at McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania, wore flannel shirts to school and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
It is believed the students chose the shirts because they are a common item of clothing found in most wardrobes.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher Ray Novakovich in Glendive, Montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur's horns.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within 10 days.
The 24-year-old was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation.
Russian media have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a plot.
Report claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia.
Sex by Numbers: What statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week.
Author David Spielgalhalter sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality.
New paper in the British Journal of Urology International is based on the results of scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area.
Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
NSW Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
By 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India.
The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151, the Pew Research Center has claimed.
Religions with many adherents in developing countries – where birth rates are high and infant mortality rates generally have been falling – are likely to grow quickly.
West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test.
Samuels will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding Test match.
I find the mental side of Test cricket to be unparalleled.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship.
The tournament starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin.
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse.
The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent, were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
Staff say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous 'chasing' game.
The Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels.
The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot.
In Truth or Consequences, New Mexico last June, the pet owner in question wasn't as eager to put the incident behind her.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities and depth of concrete on the runway.
Details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina.
The blunder occurred as Argentina was described as a'very live threat'
This comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 SU-24 bombers from Russia.
Cressida Bonas, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
They broke up over cost of attending Harry's friend's wedding in America.
Miss Bonas has been focusing on her acting and modelling career.
She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke.
The 45-year-old suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow.
He was only moved to another unit after his family showed the footage to police.
Ms Kennard, Marie Banwell and Sarah Corter were all charged with misconduct.
She was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, 22, had planned to get married this month.
But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Family and friends helped Dong put on a beautiful wedding dress.
They arranged for professional photographers to take pictures for the besotted couple.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union canal earlier this month.
It was spotted near A4 flyover at Brentford, close to canal bank.
Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to specialist centre.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at Viktoria Ellis’s home after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the dads’ were woken by a text saying: ‘Your little girl is here!’
Baby number three – known to be a boy – is being carried by Bex’
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room.
The Northern Irishman is optimistic he can improve on his poor Masters record.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Steven Finn has vowed to regain his England place.
The Middlesex seamer hit back at critics who say he should be hitting 90mph.
Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
The 24-year-old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Cook has now received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds.
The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an event in Pennsylvania.
He shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Celtic could now win the title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 if both teams win all their games beforehand.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal.
The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds.
Drogba is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday.
Click here for more Chelsea news.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial.
They did not elaborate what those charges were, but said they were'security charges'
Iran is subject to sanctions from the U.S, Europe and the United Nations.
Rezaian was not allowed to hire a lawyer until seven months after he was first arrested.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide and Crawford is cooperating with investigators.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple.
When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer.
Earlier this week, a clapped out 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III went on the market - offering car fanatics the chance to restore the virtually untouched vehicle.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
Madeleine went missing from family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal.
Mr Amaral led initial investigation into disappearance of three-year-old.
He released book three days after case was closed in 2008, but it was withdrawn.
Couple have been ordered to pay £360,000 in damages and banned further sales.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies.
They include Hollywood legends Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford, astronaut Neil Armstrong and TV's latest heart-throb Poldark.
The account, Cool Ed Miliband, was created just last Saturday.
It has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader and has attracted 3,500 followers.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch.
A professor in New York invited her son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders and tiny coastal islands.
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke on Saturday.
Diego Costa left the game with another hamstring problem.
Jose Mourinho has praised Remy's professionalism and scoring ability.
Remy also netted the winner against Hull before the international break.
Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday.
He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
Phelps said he won't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in August as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's U.S. governing body.
Shelly Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
Shelly has said she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice'
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
Parks and the men he was swimming with were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year.
University administration had 'heard rumors' about hazing and that Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating the student's death.
David Rylance, 47, was jailed for two years and three months at Newcastle Crown Court.
He was in charge of an appointee account at Lloyds Bank which held his mother's cash after her Alzheimer's diagnosis in 2009.
His sister Lesley Wilson said it was a 'physical blow' to find out the truth.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old.
Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted to Mumbai's primary airport twice.
Plane was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from Guangzhou, China.
After refueling it departed for Addis Ababa, but was forced to return.
It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble.
The fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire.
It is thought the fort was built to help the Pictish tribes dominate the sea in the area.
The site was so remote it could only be accessed by climbing up the cliff face with ropes.
Archaeologists believe the fort may have been a precursor to Dunnottar Castle, a medieval fortress built less than a quarter of a mile away.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to the policeman.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs.
Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
He admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event is packed with informative seminars.
Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry.
Some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market.
Woman, 20, was driving on I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean.
Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught spitting on a police forensics van in 2013.
He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
It has a deck spanning 14,700sqft, so rather than search the entire thing by hand, Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead.
They fitted an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, spreading the air out over the deck, blowing all debris overboard.
Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck.
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5's London HQ.
The youngsters even got to attend a meeting with the security service’s director-general Andrew Parker.
They were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ to show they are young spies in the making.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome.
Their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.
Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses'
They stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
The last nail house sits in the middle of a road under construction in Nanning.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala.
Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when Palermo lost 1-0 against Parma.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is going into the race in better shape.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
But as Ladies' Day rolled on, the hours of drinking appeared to take their toll.
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked by MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33.
She was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose and a ruptured kidney.
Mack, who has changed her name to War Machine, will be tried this fall.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday.
The Uruguayan scored his 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California.
Their attorney Gloria Allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Education is a sore point for many who backed the Lib Dems in 2010 on the promise that the party would scrap tuition fees.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky.
Harrison has since apologized for his comment.
The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal, says Dr Lara Briden.
The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
He faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Sheffield Wednesday have equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
Before Gary can get back to the UK for tour rehearsals, he has the small matter of seeing his musical open on Broadway.
While Gary had a taste of Hollywood when he performed songs from Finding Neverland at Harvey's pre-Oscars party, he insisted he will be sticking to writing.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena.
He then slammed her head into concrete paving 11 times then shot her five times.
Horrified neighbour Lelio Maya Puga, 33, said: 'He was yelling and accusing her of being a slut and a whore and screaming that she would be better off dead'
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic.
She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox.
The latest anti aging treatment is the Nefertiti lift for jowls.
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, whose leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against ex-wife Nicola, 48.
Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage.
But she led him to believe the boy was his, he argues.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash.
The flight was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, Germany.
It had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards.
Letizia and King Felipe also prayed for the victims during the service.
Labour leader admits his party has been 'too timid' on immigration.
But he insists that for communities to live together they must use a shared language.
Tories say there is nothing in Mr Miliband's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain.
Net migration hit 298,000 in a year, with 1,000 extra staff at ports.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband, Lyle Jeffs.
She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 and is fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Mrs Jeffs says she was only allowed to cook and clean during her expulsion and was not allowed to see her children.
Daniel Ricciardo has been training with a martial artist ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Red Bull driver has had a disappointing start to the 2015 F1 season.
Red Bull have slipped behind Ferrari in the drivers' standings.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
He shot and killed a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002.
A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings.
No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames.
It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
AP McCoy will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport.
The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey.
This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
However, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
The Russian president's face has changed dramatically over the years – amid persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery to give himself a more youthful look.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew their feud with Ben Stokes.
But the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
England were all out when Jimmy Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder.
Root had reached 182 and been imperious as one team-mate after another got themselves out softly before the third and most frustrating run-out.
West Indies bowlers received an animated pep talk from bowling coach Curtly Ambrose.
England's ninth man in Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder.
Jordan removed Darren Bravo for 10 early on, but not everyone was impressed.
Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career for the West Indies has lasted over 21 years.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies.
One of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days.
The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
Their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to Mars from months to weeks.
And following the successful test of a prototype in 2013, it seems Nasa
Drug company Novartis accused of trying to block trials of cancer drug.
It has 'bullied' experts who have tried to prove cancer drug can be used to treat blindness, according to the BMJ.
The respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis.
Felix David, 24, was shot dead by police in New York City on Saturday.
He was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill.
Sources said that David grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head with it.
David had reportedly been trying to flee through the fire escape.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year.
Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care, because cancer is easier to treat if detected early.
But recently there has been disagreement about regular screening for women in their 40s.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates range comes in three different flavours.
David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband’s comes in a red raspberry flavour and Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
UKIP only has two MPs in Parliament, and so Choc and Choc have just focused on the three many parties.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in US and Britain want him put on trial.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
The Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
It is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man and is only seen by a handful of experts every year.
Now experts have scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls.
The replica cave contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features.
Designer Collette Dinnigan has put her Paddington home on the market.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost $4.45 million back in 2009, and is set to go under the hammer on May 23.
Dinnigan and her husband bought the property of James Packer's right hand man in Watson's Bay in March.
It was sold by Ballard and Sydney Sotheby's Realty on March 18.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'
The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill, famed for its 35 per cent gradient.
The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team rescued from Thames.
Rescued from Chiswick RNLI station by Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Oxford crew were training for Boat Race which takes place on April 11.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa.
The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.
Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City in the Amman Derby.
The Jordanian striker appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive.
Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal.
They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents.
The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
The quartet were joined by Prince Vincent, four, who climbed a fence to get a better look.
It was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations, which saw royals from around Europe descend on Copenhagen.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Alexandre Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later.
Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
China is where the government outlaws Twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media.
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside team-mate Jordon Ibe.
The midfielder has once again not been fined after Rodgers spoke to him as well as Ibe on Thursday and the club insist the case is now closed.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan Angel Guzman said.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in 2001.
The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days.
Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days.
Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma.
The 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk.
Brown also lifted the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in the footsteps of Barcelona last year.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.
Once the EE 'power bar' runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop.
EE customers can also sign up to the service if they pay a £20 fee.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly, who she has a close bond with.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week and is the youngest by 20 years.
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband after she was attacked by a Doberman.
She said she was 'furious' with him after a bungled first date.
But Labour leader failed to tell future wife he was secretly going out.
He persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear.
In a new article published on her website, the Los Angeles-based editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.
Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day.
Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour's'state intrusion'
But research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month.
So-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority, queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway.
Manchester City were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against rivals United will help rectify their season.
The City captain believes that a strong finish will be key for them next season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight showdown.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty.
The last time he did a kick like that was when he was 21 and playing for an amateur club in Argentina.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finished third.
Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the title race.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Carbon monoxide, an odorless and colorless gas, is created when some fuels are burned.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans.
They show men and women rushing towards those crushed at 1989 disaster.
It comes at the request of some of the victims' families, officials said.
Police say 'unusual' appeal is necessary as people may be able to answer questions.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans were crushed.
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo.
Only over half know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces.
One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva returned to Manchester City training on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate.
Silva required eight minutes of treatment on the field before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed he had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
He applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Cook has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
The 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to their hotel in Benidorm.
They were robbed as they returned to the four-star Hotel Don Pancho.
CCTV footage shows a pickpocket reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket.
Her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden, 78.
But they weren't to be fooled as they followed the crooks out of the hotel.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death Kevin Rivera, 21, on Sunday.
Couple had just returned home after celebrating daughter's first birthday.
Pensioner allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with knife.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
He was rushed to Woodhull Medical Center, but later pronounced dead.
Diaz has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of weapon.
Dita Von Teese will lead burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, Arizona.
The fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines.
Von Teese believes her workshops can build women's confidence.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on a World Cup visit on Monday.
Blatter said the 2018 World Cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football's world governing body.
The Swiss said he expected the finals to be a 'wonderful' event.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work.
Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral
Chelsea held Arsenal to a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho branded their 11-year wait for the title 'boring'
The Blues are 10 points clear of second placed Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play.
Mourinho believes John Terry's performance against Arsenal was the best of his career.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5.
Her body was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach.
Police believe a woman posing as a social worker lured her to the home and convinced her to come with her.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby.
Incredibly, the baby has been found by police and is safe.
Matt Giteau has not featured for Australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand.
Giteau's supreme form for Toulon led to a clamour for him to be recalled.
Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
There was disgust too among frontline NHS staff and patients.
Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will'
He claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise them.
He keeps track of their names with a family tree tattooed on his back.
If they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
Princess Eugenie, 25, has been living in New York for a year.
She recently turned 25 and is currently working in Manhattan.
This is the second time this week we've spotted her wearing affordable pieces.
We love the zip front and patch pocket of this Sixties-inspired style.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America.
Village of Supai has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
The tribe also grow food and weave as a source of livelihood, although being situated at the base of the canyon has left them vulnerable to flooding.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010.
The 35-year-old made a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
QPR face Green and Co at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
He argues that the rate of discovery of new species is currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter.
Video shows the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge.
Police eventually caught up with the men, who have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Conchita van der Waal worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
The 46-year-old offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients.
She has also been offering her services at more than £300 an hour.
Her online advert advises that she is a 'high-class nymphomaniac and prostitute'
The bank confirmed it had fired her over 'integrity issues'
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home.
The BBC is releasing an archive interview with Sir Hugh Greene recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former Prime Minister.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away. When that didn’t stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times.
The robber disappeared into the woods
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
In a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign, Clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book 'Hard Choices' why she decided to take the presidential leap.
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat.
Tugendat is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent.
Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semis on June 6.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season.
Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics.
But thanks to his uncanny similarity to the One Direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
The Brisbane couple are raising a newborn baby boy in Australia.
Friends of the couple have painted a picture of them as 'committed' members of the community in Brisbane.
They regularly attend the Holland Park mosque and are raising the baby in the country which they are grateful to call home.
Police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Stacey Eden, 23, made a bold stand in defence of the
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the Catalans in the first leg.
Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the hosts on 82 minutes.
Barcelona travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone.
Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset.
It will feature an eight-way D-pad, two action buttons, a Start and Select button, and a battery that can be charged through the phone.
The gameplay itself will appear on the iPhone's screen, and the firm said these features may change as the project develops.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the London Stock Exchange will not affect his squad's promotion push.
The Gers boss does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs.
Man believed to be from Mozambique taken to Johannesburg hospital where he died.
At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced since violence against immigrants erupted in Durban.
Despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops.
Many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp.
South African President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants from Africa and South Asia.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction.
He was overcome by the 40-1 outsider's performance.
After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria says women can only refuse sex if they are menstruating, sick or just given birth.
Claims marriage rape is'made up' by Europeans, so there is no need for Muslims to take notice.
His religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in Malaysia.
Judith Russell took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting his brother Tamerlan.
Her words came as jurors decide whether Tsarnaev's brother should be put to death.
Defense lawyers have argued he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey.
Department of Defence and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
Stan Cole, an Iraq and Afghanistan veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
Other landspout photographs emerged Wednesday night from the area around Loraine.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
In a statement read by his lawyer on Friday, he told his daughters, 'I love you guys more than life itself' and called their mother 'the love of my life'
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder.
He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature'
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria.
She will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester in May.
Ennis-Hil has written to the IAAF to ask why she has been allowed to keep her world title.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from kidney failure complications.
Kirkland founded the home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966.
He donated millions to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling admits he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old wideman has managed just six goals this season.
Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues.
Prince Charles was the first member of the club when it was founded in 1982.
It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman.
But attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court.
Drone carrying asparagus tips crashed and exploded in the Netherlands.
Owner Ronald Peijenburg had previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.
The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Everton's trip to Swansea.
Bradley Parkes, 16, was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
He had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times.
They even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people.
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest.
It said Pope Francis has caused a 'problem of trust'
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used 'genocide' to describe the massacre.
The killings in 1915 are regarded by many historians as the first genocide of the 20th century.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game.
The game, known as'sleeper', involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen.
Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
A senior council boss in Manchester has issued a stark warning about the craze.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them.
In the email he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race.
But was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart.
He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run.
Previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted.
She was on second day of holiday in Matheran, 20 miles east of Mumbai.
Her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff managed to control the horse.
Police have registered a case of accidental death on basis of parents' statement.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up.
He was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and suffered facial injuries.
The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
The Biancocelesti are now 13 points behind Juve in Serie A.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of completing requirements to graduate.
The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits.
Plan was that she would finish the outstanding work necessary to graduate in the summer and earn her diploma that way.
But Plano Senior High School officials refused to allow her to take part in the ceremony in June.
Her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education over the dispute.
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length.
Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House in Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful.
But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles.
He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
The seven-car Maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) during a test run.
It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h).
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore reduces friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train in service in 2027.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant.
But the desperate couple then had their benefits cut.
Philip was given a lifeline by local businessman Jasen Jackiw.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
The matters are currently before the Queensland Civil and Administrative Tribunal.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after start of trading.
Trading had to be stopped or diverted and Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds on the debt markets delayed.
Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network' for the outage.
Wilfried Zaha poses for close-up shots as FIFA 16 is released.
The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
Zaha has scored twice for the Eagles since signing permanently.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face firing squad within days.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Australians Chan.
The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice.
The 43-year-old was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill for money.
Over the course of their marriage, Ms.
Donohue was forced.
into hiding after she discovered her husband-to-be was not the man she thought he was.
‘He didn’t even make eye contact with me and I remember saying the night we were married “why
Turia Pitt, from Vientiane, Laos, was burned to 64 per cent of her body in 2011.
She witnessed the operation to save the sight of little Seng, who was left almost blind.
The eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face.
Turia has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames.
On Thursday, Turia will hold a fundraising gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight.
Edinburgh host London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested.
The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport will be the world's biggest in 2018.
It will cover 700,000 square metres, and will handle 45million passengers a year.
Designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness, which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against Inter Milan.
The Dutchman said the decision on Sunday wasn't right and everyone can see it.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died in 1909 at the age of 74.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation'
Her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records.
They revealed she died in the Sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is out of contract at the club.
Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward.
Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich.
Time was measured using a radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Neighbours described wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake.
The man, who has not been named, was sentenced to four months in prison.
His fiancée was given a noise abatement order for having sex.
But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £9,000.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in Santiago.
A large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
The crush caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three.
Seven people are in a critical condition in hospital.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings.
Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day.
The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013)
Newlyweds are now choosing to honeymoon closer to home, with 18 per cent opting for a vacation in the UK, compared to eight per cent just five years ago.
Former prime minister said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
But he said her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster.
He urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour in the General Election.
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on the roof.
It was equipped with a camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive substance.
People in Japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash with Manchester United.
The Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup.
The Emirates logo adorns the famous green and white shirts once worn by Brazilian legend Pele.
Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million with the Dubai-based international airline.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have a net worth of £260million.
The Hollywood power couple often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation.
They booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream Hilton Malta.
It boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the Mediterranean.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
The testing kit, on sale online, uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market.
The Ibrox outfit were unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad)
Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
Benik Afobe scored the winner in a 1-0 defeat of Wigan at the DW Stadium.
The result leaves Wigan on the verge of dropping into the third tier.
James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence.
Wolves will have to face Brentford next weekend without McClean.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding on his future.
The Spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following his fine form.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV)
It will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada.
The bike will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan.
She will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres)
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson, 34, has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife in West Lake, LA.
The victim identified his attacker as Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
On Saturday, police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood where the attack took place.
Officers stopped that alleged prowler and discovered it was Jackson – who was wanted in the stabbing.
Jackson, of Newport Beach, Calif., has not addressed the arrest on social media.
The Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies.
The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come.
There are six superstars around that can keep the studios swelling, without having to resort to turning a best-selling book or beloved comic into a picture.
In return, they can ask for $20 million per film.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, men at 27 years and three months.
A third of adults meet their closest friends while at school with a fifth at work.
Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now also play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The Uruguayan has scored 18 goals for PSG this season.
Cavani has expressed his desire to stay at the club for the duration of his contract.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
The Georgian national has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say he fled the country.
An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio.
Officials say the videos were taken before October 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older. Born strong, he's now'very floppy'
His parents have made a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away.
They are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
Elijah has been approved to go into a clinical trial which will hopefully prolong the little boy’s life.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
The country will turn off its transmitters on January 11 2017.
It is expected to outstrip those using analogue stations by 2020.
Streaming has topped CD sales for the first time in the United States.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Thibaut Courtois.
Courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former Liverpool man.
Study of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours.
Women preferred Facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare their looks with peers similar to them and see how they had changed over time.
The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels.
He was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz.
Crombie was the son for former Toronto mayor and Canadian Cabinet minister David Crombie.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & SaatchI, wears the same outfit every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only'
The unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon' she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction.
'I kept thinking], "Is this too formal? Is that too out there? Is this dress too short?" I finally chose something I regretted as soon as I
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday.
The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
He recently insisted that he was prepared to fight for his place in the team.
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
£60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each – for the project.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and Mark Titch, 17, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
Titch died behind bars last year.
The two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'The Zoo' because of the criminal activity there.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final.
Bayern are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Porto boss Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form.
The Portuguese side are without injured Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12% more than those in surrounding areas.
But having a budget store nearby means your house could sell for less.
Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts.
Motorway officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire.
They pulled over a driver, who they suspected was speeding.
Then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark.
At the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
Caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway.
Twitter users have taken to the social media site to compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives.
Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions.
#realisticYA looks at the fact that real teenage scenarios can mean that sometimes love is unrequited.
Hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators.
One former medical student revealed how 'blood was still running' as he cut through a body.
Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking charted an eight year investigation in to what is said to be a multi-billion pound transplant programme.
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson.
The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, are the subjects of a new independent film.
The teenagers and young adults, who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives, are now the subject of the documentary.
They are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working stints as models.
But they often encounter setbacks, with the community they live in'relentlessly trying to beat them down'
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Mr Harrison believes the snake will be found 'within a month' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast.
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
Toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of QPR.
Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park.
Sherwood rates Ramsey as one of this country’s best coaches.
He also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked.
In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
Judy Murray, 55, has undergone a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year.
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona kicked out at a steward after a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner scored the winner to support the peace process in Colombia.
Maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans.
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season.
Newcastle face Swansea at St James' Park on Sunday.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, according to Arsenal.
The England midfielder has not featured for the Gunners since November 22.
Wilshere will sit with his influential father, Andy, to discuss whether a move to Manchester City would enhance his career.
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring.
May 2 fight is billed as the biggest fight in history.
Bieber has accompanied Mayweather in the ring on numerous occasions.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over care of his wife Gillian Nelson.
She died after complications arose with birth of son Wesley in Kent.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45am after she had gone in to labour.
Miss Nelson had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
Mr Ramirez stayed in room with his wife until she was taken to theatre.
Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner.
But it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Franck Ribery was convinced to reject Real Madrid five years ago.
The French winger was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona.
Ribery fell out with then-head coach Louis van Gaal and says Real were willing to pay for him.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers.
She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman at the Great Wall.
Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and ruled the death an accident.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14', boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
US has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off Yemen.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
The coalition of Arab countries backed by America continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in the capital Sana'a.
Saudi-led intervention was launched in late March to help pro-government forces fighting the insurgents.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold.
The midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric.
Mrs Cameron, a huge fan of British designers, showed her commitment to UK brands once again.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Rony came to Britain from India in 2012 and did not know how to swim.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
English referee will be assisted by five other Englishmen.
Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
'Gruesome scenes of mass graves and evident signs of slaughter' have been brought to light.
Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity, he said.
This comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as 'human shields'
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show for the 25th anniversary screening.
James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall if he was real.
He was hit by a depleted uranium shell and then fell from a speeding train.
The round would have 'turned his lungs inside out and killed him'
In the unlikely event the round did not cause catastrophic injuries, the radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued for
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack.
He was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will be without them.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
He was charged with possessing an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose.
The charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Arwani, 48, was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far this season.
The Barcelona star has kept a match ball from every game.
Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG on Wednesday.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign.
Shows range of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes.
Also unveiled her own festival-inspired range for the beauty giant.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
A snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.
The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as Baby L.
Giles' family told ABC News that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
Then, her father showed her a photo of her son, and she followed the picture again.
Baby L
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed.
Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
Pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome.
If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike was deflected past Wojciech Szczesny.
Sami Mokbel rated the players' performances at Wembley.
A jury in Placerville, California, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris.
Mrs Harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed.
Unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment, the fighter confirmed that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village, near the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Shaheed is believed to be a former Bond University student, who reportedly left his home in Sydney and traveled to Syria to join the Al Qaeda affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
They show the true horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings during World War One, which claimed 140,000 lives.
An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916.
After huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully fooled the Turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers.
Today, world leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
She 'played naked Twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom'
She has been released from the Columbia County Detention Center after posting a $3,200 bond.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, ran through Byron Bay naked for a free kebab.
The 18-year-old ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers.
He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Deputy Chief Magistrate Chris O'Brien called his actions 'embarrassing'
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate.
But Mr Myers started eating an onion ring and Lawson drove the knife into his thigh.
Lawson'reacted in a very loud way' to what was happening and stabbed Mr Myers.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month suspended sentence.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was in nowhere near the condition she was in when she set the 26.2mile world record in April 2003.
Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria.
Spanish government activated an environmental emergency alert.
Clean-up operations are ongoing on three other beaches near Maspalomas.
Uno, a full-grown dog, and Louie, a kitten, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
The clip begins with one of the Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Manchester City.
The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers.
Sam Allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for the defender.
Jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
It is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
The incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides.
Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams, 54, jailed for four years and eight months.
He defrauded HMRC of £1,017,505 by defrauding three false businesses.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part.
Judge Michael Murray told Williams: 'This was serious offending'
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent.
The Bills are currently preparing for their trip to Wembley this year.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
Twitter already asks users who violate its abuse guidelines to delete content, and can suspend accounts permanently if they don't.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose, California.
Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby.
Family members said the eldest daughter was screaming, saying: 'Don't kill my mom'
Study by Kärcher reveals six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week.
One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far.
A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr Frederic Brandt.
Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to take his own life.
Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed.
Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das on Tuesday.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK.
The supermarket beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to win the title.
Its Big Breakfast is one of the most popular items on its extensive morning menu.
It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards.
Irina Shayk, 29, stars in Linda Farrow's Spring Summer 15 campaign.
The Russian supermodel, from Russia, is seen writhing around a pool.
She teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit.
Her stylish male companion, model Jarrod Scott, smiles and observes her from a distance.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff.
Victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home.
Hallisey's attack was described by a judge as 'a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'
The JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform revamp.
The sleek, sophisticated looks are meant to evoke an East Coast high-society sensibility, relying heavily on bold accents.
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Since the summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening, as part of the Challenge Fund initiative.
Funding for which was recently increased from £50 million to £100 million.
In our study, we found an eight per cent drop in A&E attendances among patients of the pilot surgeries compared to the control group.
Len McCluskey is highly popular with activists.
His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
But all the smiles cannot hide the reality that he and his union are a potent, sinister force in British politics.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the NSW mid-north coast.
The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing.
William's parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on Friday begging for his return.
They have also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
Jordan Speith set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing.
Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The French striker missed Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from.
Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in history in his first 50 games'
Tuttosport celebrate Juventus's march towards the Serie A title following their 2-0 victory against Lazio on Saturday.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Some of the toys have been left to rot in the Rome studio, while others, which have been painstakingly restored, are returned to their owners.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations.
The Norwegian blamed last summer's money-spinning programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany for the loss.
Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer's commitments.
Mauricio Pochettino will be given a hostile reception at St Mary's on Saturday.
Southampton fans are planning to show support for their Dutch manager Ronald Koeman, his brother and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in the summer.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't.
A complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey says the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the new gym facility in the building'smacks of second-class citizenship'
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball.
But the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former England No 1 by rolling the ball through his legs.
Rangers host Premier League leaders Chelsea at Loftus Park on Sunday.
Lib Dem leader says he was better at languages and art when he was at school.
He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy'
He has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion from crackdown on tax avoidance and £12 billion in public spending reductions.
But today he admitted that maths had not been his strong point as a youngster.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday.
But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Six-strong gang raided Hatton Garden jewellery district last week.
They were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday and spent eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
It is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province.
Placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood.
Two women are about to become human weights.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at a party.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
A third of GP training posts remain unfilled, new figures show.
This means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year.
Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis.
Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled.
Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.
Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida.
Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer.
The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park.
It is the 20th edition of the All Star match.
Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Scott Dann set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2)
Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move.
Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray’s finish (3)
Poet Rupert Brooke died aged 27 in April 1915 at the age of just 27.
He had a string of affairs with various women before he died.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands.
They are now available to the public after being bought by King's College, Cambridge.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents.
They were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay.
Their catch is then shipped back to Thailand, where it enters global markets.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher.
The beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, features an 'overlapping' of military installations along the coast.
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW.
The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by police on Friday.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Stiviano recorded the now-infamous conversation with Sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to Clippers basketball games.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen.
The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
He fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and was rescued.
Mr Kumar has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker scored against England in a friendly on Tuesday.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
In 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football.
Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick.
The 1989 World Series went down in history when during Game 3 a massive earthquake, which measured 7.1 on the Richter Scale, occurred shortly before play began.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber.
The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013.
Acevedo repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They urged them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like'
With newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the White House said administration officials would hold
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down.
She has swum through them all, wherever she can find the water.
But best of all has to be swimming outdoors, and here on the East coast in Suffolk it is now warm enough — just about — for the sea.
Despite the greyness, the appalling cold, and the downright bleakness of the North Sea here, she’s in heaven.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
In a separate video, the men and women respond to common misconceptions about people who sleep on the streets.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
In her case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges.
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning.
He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man said.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid.
It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raids said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
Hoda Muthana, 20, left Hoover, Alabama, to wage holy war in Syria.
She was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty to be a Muslim.
Now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in America.
Muthana lived with moderate Muslim family until she fled to Raqqa, Syria.
Baltimore Police used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Detective Emmanuel Cabreja said the department is under orders by the US government to withhold evidence from criminal trials and to ignore subpoenas in cases where the device is used.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and Vili Fualaau, 31, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on Friday.
The interview will air on ABC Friday at 10pm.
Letourneau pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies.
Her 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998.
Fualaau was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student.
Their two daughters, Audrey
Brenda Finn, 30, lost her hair at the age of 14 due to alopecia universalis.
She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she is calling for the procedure to be made available on the NHS.
England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.
The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down.
England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
She says she's more than just an escort - she also has her master's degree in sociology.
Despite liking her job, it's not Canada's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause - being paid for sex is legal, but living off that payment is not.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
The former Carphone Warehouse boss said David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround.
He said the current Labour Party viewed business as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide a fair and compassionate society.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw.
JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested.
On Monday he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court.
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, was suffering from Clostridium difficile.
He lost his appetite and endured continuous pain.
It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant.
Gastroenterologist Chris Wells performed the procedure at the University Hospital of North Tees.
The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut.
Gang of six jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls.
The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire.
Girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Mr Blair said he himself had been ‘mentored’ by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement.
Police believe Fleming, 23, was lured from her home by Jones and the new mother brought Serenity with her.
Fleming's body was found in Jones' home in Gary, about 165 miles northwest of Anderson.
She had been stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription.
By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
But a Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
West Brom's fans held up placards nine minutes into Saturday's game proclaiming ‘Astle is King’ in remembrance of a man whose death could prove the catalyst to drastic improvements to concussion protocols in sport.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan Police after video emerged this week showing her running over a rival in a street fight.
Smith-Walker and the victim, an unidentified 19-year-old, threw up fists in the middle of a street in Muskegon, Michigan Monday evening.
The fight starts off with a few punches, and moves to the two girls brawling on a car.
That's when her rival grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at her windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot.
Bystanders emit loud shrieks
A series of pictures by German artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland.
In many of the pictures, the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is.
The jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of the 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from Hameln, Germany.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34.
Claimed she would rather live with her parents and felt she was being treated poorly.
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, tried to stop it.
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam jumped through an open door of their van.
But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away.
Michael McInerney, 34, was jailed for 11 years after admitting manslaughter.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base.
Warrington also picked up the vacant WBC International title.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term.
Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey.
But the Italian coach says he is not obsessed with Atletico.
Gareth Bale is set to start for Real after being rested at the weekend.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, prosecutors asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Juries in Indiana cannot recommend a death sentence or life without parole unless they agree there is at least one aggravating circumstance beyond a reasonable doubt.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Jockey AP McCoy is about to retire at the end of the season.
O'Neill says he could not be happier with the horse's form.
The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire.
It was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family.
During the war she became known as The Lady with the Lamp.
UFC president Dana White gave a revealing insight into the extremes to which fighters go to make weight.
Just half an hour before he was due to step on the scales, Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ‘max’
Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb.
The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb.
Ashley Young scored in Sunday's 4-2 derby victory over Manchester United.
The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases, lupus and ANCA vasculitis, leading to kidney failure.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday.
He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics.
Authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso and a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers.
Aaron Ramsey fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor.
The Welsh midfielder then fires his ninth goal of the season into the roof of the net.
Arsene Wenger's side are still in the bottom three but not without hope of beating the drop.
Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
The 56-year-old allegedly dimmed the lights and shut the blinds.
He allegedly asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias.
To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone, he is claimed to have asked her: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’
Dr Jawad, who treated acid attack victim Katie Piper, denies all the allegations.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, he said during the third day of his trial.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
He was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland.
But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
They have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary.
The director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty to unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country.
Brux crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again.
He was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
In one text, Christopher Sousa reportedly wrote: 'Holdings we are coming and drinking all your beer and killing n******'
The video for the fictitious 'The Hoods'
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre.
It attracts a certain type of clientele and attracts celebrities.
Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits the restaurant with his wife Coleen.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for United.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao has received a custom-made speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it.
The eight-division world champion looked fresh and sharp as he shadow boxed on Tuesday at the Wild Card Boxing gym, just off Santa Monica Boulevarde in Hollywood.
Lindsey Walker, 23, booked in for overnight stay at Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay.
She and partner were invited to late-night party with escorts in room next door.
Ms Walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in walls and broken tiles.
The hotel was taken over by Malhotra Group in January, who have plans for major refurbishment.
Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with sceptical face.
Mr Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing call to ‘come at me bruv’
This is thought to reference how Labour leader posed direct message to Prime Minister.
Image was inspired by debate that saw Miliband warn he would not get into power without lurching left.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals.
QPR host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water.
Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater, Gale, located just south of the equator.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover a mechanic.
His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone.
Mr Ingram says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
He said: 'The mechanic was abusing my car and my trust'
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body.
These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist.
Below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year.
Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court.
Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial will take place on August 10.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey.
It would be another 18 years before her coronation.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition.
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine.
Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen his support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency, 1% below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay.
The OrcaSub is the perfect toy for the underwater wildlife-lover.
The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet.
It also boasts a helipad, two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests.
FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga have adopted the septum ring.
The piercing is a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes.
In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton in the Chinese Grand Prix.
The German driver blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala are now suing Johns Hopkins University.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion.
It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment.
In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies, while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children.
They also unknowingly infected some men
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the attack.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games so far this season.
The Montenegro international is keen to return to Italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the 25-year-old.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service'
Video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist.
The video's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor, wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs.
It is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds.
She also boasts about her children's distaste for Kuffar (non-believers)
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
Although Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts and not the Buckeye State, the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the White House.
It was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his Irish Setter Seamus on top of his car in a carrier.
The mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2.
This week, Sutton invited a reporter from WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years Doris, where she spoke about his very first Derby.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and Midlands.
Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations.
Carl Beatson-Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing the 19-year-old to death.
He fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport, Woolwich Crown Court heard.
Victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been performing a set at the club.
Okafor had been part of a larger group which set upon the victim's smaller group.
Ski champ Lindsey Vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia, on Thursday as her beau Tiger made some high profile mistakes.
The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice and Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn's breathtaking return to alpine skiing.
Vonn appeared worried as she watched Woods flash his notorious temper on a couple of errant shots as he struggled to prove he's still No. 1 worldwide.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.
This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991.
Mr Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
He was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes on Monday.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the midfielder, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend.
She correctly identified the Arsenal away strip although she didn't recall the score of the 2014 FA Cup final.
Her responses included ‘Sanchez is buff’ and that ‘he scores a lot of goals’
The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers.
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend.
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year.
Fighting between the rebels and regime forces has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King.
She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
The couple revealed they plan to serve drinks in personalized Burger King cups.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
Ander Herrera added a second after 43 minutes with his right-footed strike.
Rooney scored his sixth goal in eight games for United since being moved back up front.
Louis van Gaal's side are now eight points clear of Liverpool in fifth.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season.
He is now the player you look to in a crisis.
The big change for him in the last 18 months has been in his finishing.
Hazard's first-half strike proved crucial as the Blues eked out a 1-0 victory.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 at Anfield in April 1996.
Robbie Fowler opened the scoring for the Reds.
Stan Collymore equalised for Newcastle with 20 minutes remaining.
Steven Gerrard scored a late consolation for the Magpies.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believe to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
They also damage vegetation and prevent its regeneration by feasting on seedlings.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes his side will not be as defensive as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
City have won just two of their last seven games in all competitions.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
He is alleged to have tried to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
In one text conversation, Facey told Mr Spencer: 'You lot should make some money out of this lad, easy money'
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in early Scottish Premiership match.
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead in the first half.
Edward Ofere equalised for the Highlanders from close range in the second half.
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
The striker has scored four goals in four for Real Madrid.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster.
The star posed before industry heavyweight Ellen von Unwerth's lens for the poster, which will be on display on the streets of Vienna.
It promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform, as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is a FIFA vice-president from Jordan.
He wants to see the World Cup rotated between different confederations.
Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo.
Research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties.
Department of Twin Research performed a poll of voting preferences.
Study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences.
Both identical and non-identical twins normally share the same environment while growing up.
As twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends, cultural experiences and points of view.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in Benton County Superior Court in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013.
Stutzman cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding.
In February, a judge ruled that Stutzmann's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
Given was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
He has an FA Cup winners' medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
The French side are poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend, leaving room for a new deal.
Mouscron are currently 13th in Belgium's Pro League.
Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Labour leader will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’
He will also insist national debt fall ‘as soon as possible’, though he will not set a date.
Polls show Labour lags far behind the Conservatives in trust on managing public finances.
Restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern Vietnam.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances.
Caged cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across Vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring China and Laos.
In January a lorry with three tonnes of cats crammed into bamboo cages stacked one on top of another was seized by police on its way to Hanoi from China.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
Teenager wanders past the monkey, who eyeballs him from a ledge.
The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and launches itself at his face.
He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey quickly bounds back.
Pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed.
The Piper PA-31 crashed into a wooded area close to the runway.
Eyewitnesses say they heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball'
The cause of the crash is not yet known.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer.
The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season.
Gomez joined Fiorentina in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure.
It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving 16-year sentence for murder in Perugia, Italy.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in Key Biscayne.
The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to Lesia Tsurenko.
Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled.
Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
The report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack.
Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value.
The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item.
At the end of February, the artist released an online video showing three works he painted on the walls of Gaza homes destroyed in Israeli air strikes.
St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum.
Dysentery and syphilis were said to have been commonplace at the now run down asylum.
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan.
While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed.
Rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham's top four hopes.
Tottenham are knocked out of the competition by Fiorentina.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of Pennie Davis during six-year relationship with his father.
He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
But Carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to secure their place in next season's Sky Bet Championship.
James Tavernier opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol City's lead in the first half before Joe Bryan doubled their lead.
Aden Flint, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the Robins.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
Jolie said she has made 11 visits to Syrian refugees in the region since the crisis began in 2011.
Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from shelves.
The Chinese made decorations are 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm.
Eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Norman Turgel, 24, and Polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton, for whom certain death was only days away.
Among the recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries of persecution at the hands of the Nazis became world renowned.
Frank was living in the Netherlands when the Nazis seized it in 1940, leaving them trapped.
In 1942 they were forced into hiding in secret rooms hidden inside Otto Frank's office building.
They spent two years there, but were
Darren Goddard, 48, was about to delete his Facebook account when Lewis Helget, 27, appeared on his timeline.
He had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son.
Mr Goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with Lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident.
Just six years earlier, he moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi, who he married two years later.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London.
Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse.
The horse was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday.
The move will affect residents, businesses, farmers and other users.
Brown's order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use.
Direct local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible.
'Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet,' a spokesperson said.
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League.
Chelsea need just six points from five games to claim their first Premier League title since 2010.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
Kandrick said: 'Hey, Billy, Kyle at Maaco here. I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all'
The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a'strong woman' and said she had no problem confronting Kandrick herself.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday.
On Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.
Police have not yet identified the woman's body but are investigating whether it could missing Canberra woman Daniella D�
Thomas Buckett, 21, fell 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight.
He sustained life-changing head injuries as a result of the fall.
Staffordshire County Council failed to do more to secure the premises.
Mr Buckett had to undergo invasive surgery to remove half his skull.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
All three were removed from their jobs after the emails
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work.
She divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations.
'Serving' includes a sex worker, two baristas, a call centre adviser and a political special adviser.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted pictures from all their yogic adventures on Instagram.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
They specialise in AcroVinyasa, a type of yoga that combines the traditional practice with L-based acrobatic flying.
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends.
The only non-British player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea.
Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening.
She took out her blue salbutamol inhaler and took a sharp breath.
Something shot to the back of her throat where it became lodged.
Mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from her throat.
Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.
Gowdy's action comes a day after the GOP-led panel signaled its final report could slip to next year, just months before the presidential election.
Clinton is widely considered the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for president.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
When Scott fled -
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife.
The society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas.
Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If the penthouse sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London forced to return to Baku.
There were three diversions in just over 24 hours of BA planes over the weekend.
Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning.
Third flight in 24 hours diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle.
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a jet-ski session with his girlfriend Lucy in Barbados.
The couple retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
Calzaghe hung up his gloves after a stunning career.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades.
Film features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart.
According to Michael Redwood, inevitable wind-ups surfaced 'whenever the devil inside' Peter O'Toole needed entertaining.
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
Ministers agreed to give urgent cases free upgrade to fast-track service.
NBC's committee investigating allegations that Brian Williams misrepresented his experiences in war zones is looking at tales he's told about the Tahrir Square anti-government uprising in early 2011.
A February clip from Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse.
There is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
Questions have been raised about whether Williams was at Tahrir square at the time.
He was suspended in February amid allegations that
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties in Islington, north London.
It has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and garden.
At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and is almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
QPR striker will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
England will no longer compete in the Victory Shield.
The Football Association do not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
The 28-year-old suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle.
He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said Clegg was 'not the most popular'
He said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours'
Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign.
Anthony Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Gavern is walking into the ring at the Newcastle Metro Arena for the 50th time.
Patrick Bamford scored his 15th goal of the season for Middlesbrough.
The on-loan Chelsea striker also equalled Hamilton Ricard's tally.
Malky Mackay's side remain five points adrift of safety.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers.
One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio.
A sizable subsection of dogs also sported elaborate Easter costumes, painstakingly designed by their owners.
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges.
The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia.
He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years.
He has a geography degree and three A-levels, but has not been called for interview.
Despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Mr Davies says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
PJ Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year.
His blood pressure was too high to perform the operation.
Tracy, 39, has suffered from Lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease, since she was six.
She was placed on the transplant list in 2013 - just a few months after her 34-year-old sister died following complications from a kidney transplant.
The couple, who married in 2003, are now back home and recovering.
Strapless dresses are a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses.
Can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Lace pencil dress, £169, Monsoon.co.uk, £39.99, Zara.com.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety.
Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline.
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout have sold out within minutes on Thursday night.
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
39% of voters now say they will back the Tories compared to 33% for Labour.
Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.
Just 33% plan on supporting Ed Miliband in the upcoming election.
Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
In a video, Meza places oil on the child's head while reciting prayers as she holds him in her arms.
In the video, the boy is identified by a witness as Benjamin.
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission
Self-styled 'angry Leftie revolutionary and magician' Gareth Shoulder recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election.
The 24-year-old made the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
He sneered: 'A new record for Cameron… 34 minutes before he pulls out the Ivan card and pretends he cares about our NHS'
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom.
The heartwarming epistolary book was published last week and has arrived just in time for Mother's Day on May 10.
Kelly's former co-star on E!'s Fashion Police, Joan Rivers, was also paid tribute to by her daughter Melissa Rivers.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last spring.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium.
Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground.
A NSW police spokeswoman has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that two people
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old's fitness record is the one thing holding him back.
Ray Parlour has backed him to be the future of Arsenal.
Parlour won three FA Cups under Arsene Wenger, including in 2002.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals.
Xabi Alonso has won three Champions Leagues with three different clubs.
The Spaniard scored the equaliser in his first season at Liverpool in 2005.
Clarence Seedorf won the title a total of four times in his career.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as lies splayed face-down on ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
Then, other deputies arrive on the scene, and one clearly draws back leg.
Chillingly, after beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave.
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Aston Villa manager Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane.
Mauricio Pochettino expects a'very good reception' for Sherwood.
Sherwood trusted in the likes of Harry Kane and Nabil Bentaleb last season.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Her family launched a desperate search to find her, posting information across social media in the hopes someone can provide them with information.
Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche.
Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones.
Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver,
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance'
Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side.
Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps.
He left the cockpit to give a pre-flight speech so passengers could look him in the eye.
Mr Kelly said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge'
Two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented in 1915.
Len and Beatrice Barnes raised their son Gordon and three daughters in property.
But Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline were brought up in property before it was passed to Freda when their parents died.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
He was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Kai Windsor, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl.
He would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around.
At four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short.
By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37.
Now, at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her beau the ten-question document, which she dubbed 'The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test'
She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
After a series of questions about Beyonce's songs, Allie demands: 'Briefly explain the Solange Knowles elevator incident. Who was involved?'
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints.
If the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies.
The game's designers continue: 'Anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time'
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave.
Wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season.
Arsenal are interested in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling and Walcott's contract is set to expire next summer.
Alex Impey is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses.
He receives 20 requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney.
The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram.
Larisa Rule, three, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Rangers will face Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3.
The Ibrox club's final game of the season will be moved back 24 hours.
Hibs chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints with the league.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has backed Hibs' stance.
Labour leader refuses to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy PM.
Just hours before party launched its women's manifesto, he declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
The snub comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'
The message, posted last Sunday night, was deleted by Monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents.
Restaurateur Richard Moore said that he sympathized with parents whose children have tantrums because of special needs conditions such as autism.
The seaside establishment experienced a flurry of reviews both positive and negative after its previous policy got media attention.
Former Treasurer Peter Costello has fired a damaging salvo at the Abbott government.
The former Liberal treasurer described its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
Mr Costello also slammed Labor and the Greens, saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap Australians in poverty.
Experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Jose Mourinho prepared his Chelsea players to deal with threat of Marouane Fellaini.
But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing.
Mourinho planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk on Thursday morning.
It was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in 15 minutes.
Rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway.
There are 13 members of the crew still missing after the trawler tipped over.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms, including the words 'guilty', 'play', and 'famous'
The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The first-leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes.
Barcelona have already encountered PSG twice during this year's Champions League campaign.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks.
Mr Miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September when he forgot to mention the deficit while speaking without a lectern or autocue.
Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada.
Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs.
England are 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps after the morning session.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on Turkish border with Syria.
They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border.
Michelle, 27, has teased fashion fans with some items from her new Lipsy range.
The actress and model, who is getting set to tie the knot with fiance Mark Wright, shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery.
She says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in Gallipoli.
Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch.
Later the Queen led nation during ceremony at Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance.
The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time.
Arizona's The Wave and Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
Experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day.
Icelandic Mountain Guides are among a host of companies running tours and charge from £65 for a four-hour walk.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, such as $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number.
But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent likely to sell at all.
Most trades on the site are listed for a ‘Buy it now’ price and the seller can give buyers the option of making an alternative offer.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Both were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group Two, which contains SEAL teams.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Giuliana Rancic recently revealed that Jerry O'Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago.
Photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana became a woman scorned.
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone.
FFA claimed the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players.
Glory will go through the FFA's appeals process in a bid to either overturn the decision, or reduce the penalty.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey.
Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month.
The Twenty-eight-year-old was not selected for the forthcoming Ashes.
Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund.
The midfielder hadn't played for the German club since March 2014.
Thiago says the reaction of the fans has reminded him of the joy in the sport.
Paul Hellyer was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967.
He is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data.
'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday for a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third.
Manchester United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed the spinner will play.
Bishoo has not faced a frontline leg-spinner in Tests.
Rory McIlroy battled with Jamie Dornan in a game of Circular Soccer.
McIlroy defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown at the Masters.
The 25-year-old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child.
Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison.
Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
Robert Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic in a rice field near Sedang Village.
His Indonesian wife, Noor Ellis, faces the death penalty for her husband's murder.
The 60-year-old businessman was set upon in his own Bali kitchen by the killers who slashed his throat 'like killing a pig'
Mr Ellis' throat had been slashed three times and was in a state of decay.
Robert Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the alleged 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman in Los Angeles.
He is currently on federal gun charges before being extradited to California.
In handwritten letter, Durst says he 'hated LA traffic, which makes Houston look like a small town'
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research.
The outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated.
Research says the amount spent by the Government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘still way too low’
AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
McCoy has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles.
He has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his 25-year professional career.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over edge of cot.
'Safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex coroner says.
Coroner Penelope Schofield has issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot endorsed by the charity National Children’s Trust.
She has called for urgent action to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in 2001.
She had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase.
It was claimed she had believed the film Fargo was real.
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter - newly released by American filmmakers.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
They wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out Beijing residents who live stressful lives.
Artist Xiao Wang said he and fellow graffiti artists worked through the night to complete project 'Beijing Warmth'
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne is close to a return but will not be considered.
Rio Ferdinand also absent for QPR with unspecified knock.
Diego Costa forced off injured for Chelsea in 2-1 win over Stoke last weekend.
John Obi Mikel fit again following knee injury.
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar with ten friends near Las Ramblas.
He suddenly disappeared on Saturday night and failed to turn up for flight home.
His worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down.
They said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley.
But the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the British Consulate.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One.
Dean Bowditch scored a freakish goal to break Doncaster's resistance.
Carl Baker secured the win with two fine goals.
Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season.
The grey'stealth' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election, it has been suggested.
New figures revealed at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year.
Increase has been put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits.
Many drivers are being given the minimum £100 fines despite driving under the national motorway speed limit of 70mph.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town.
The organisation has carried out investigations into the conditions.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Since its closure in 1996, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent.
Archive of medical journals from the prison revealed that some tests were carried out with the hopes of finding lifesaving treatments.
Prisoners were deliberately exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete's foot.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of third-placed Chelsea.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
But he added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but on the issue of Trident: would but we could get rid of it'
Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident.
But the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its election manifesto.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Homeless Period project aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets.
It is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter.
A campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the street of Brixton for six months.
She was forced to use makeshift sanitary products while menstruating.
The team behind the campaign, Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes.
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
Move comes ahead of military parade in Red Square on May 9.
Comes as Russian military asserts itself in Ukraine and on Baltic States.
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens.
'I don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she told ITV's The Agenda.
Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Mr Miliband’s hopes of achieving an overall majority.
Parents are letting their adult children live at home for longer.
Experts say grown-up children are unaware they are pushing parents into debt.
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them.
But only 42 per cent charge their children rent – many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask.
Many are buying used cars unaware that old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.
Drivers have faced bills of up to £800 to get their impounded vehicles back.
DVLA accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour after figures show clamping soared after paperless system was introduced in October last year.
Retrosweat is an aerobics class in the style of Jane Fonda's iconic workouts.
It involves choreography to match the Eighties soundtrack.
Shannon Dooley, 30, says it's about having fun and forgetting it's fitness.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her father Buddy decided to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as he starts.
Crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in womb.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba.
Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons between January and September 2015.
His 'Eight Great States' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley.
Malachy died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.
Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
They say it is a tribute to U.S. servicemen who have died in combat.
P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray.
The woman allegedly branded 'all Muslims ISIS supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf.
Police are urging witnesses of the incident to come forward.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on
Manchester United have signed a £750million deal with adidas.
The German brand will make their kits for 10 years starting from 2015-16.
Images suggest that United's away kit for next season will be white.
Adidas first designed United's kits for 12 years between 1980-92.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
It defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on audience.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage.
Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
But technology has so far proven difficult.
ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX.
The remains of Stephanie Scott have been formally identified.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
NSW Health says a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator Christine Milne about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable.
Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'
Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'
Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service.
Customised products are increasingly becoming tailored to your personal needs.
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
The man sprayed his car with insect repellent, forcing a huntsman spider to emerge from under the door handle.
Having endured enough of the spray, the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses'
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
The 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list.
Former England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition became too much.
She called a halt to it and is now paying for her gender reassignment herself.
Says: 'It's the only way I have of earning enough money to become a woman'
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico.
She was admitted to Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali on March 20.
Her sister and her mother flew to Mexico to collect her body.
Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient the year before her death.
The Australian Medical Association has warned Australians of the danger of travelling to developing countries to seek cosmetic surgery.
Police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
Police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours.
After hitting the jackpot in Saturday night's Lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week.
The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Then-Bradford chairman Stafford Heginbotham was linked to eight other fires.
High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said fire was not started deliberately.
West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence.
Barclays chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds.
Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing.
FBI released images of unidentified man they are trying to trace.
They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them identify victim.
One picture shows the unidentified man posing with the girl.
Investigators stressed the dark-haired man is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak, the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free.
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last.
Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Hampshire police launched the hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August.
The couple were found in Spain but released without charge.
A Freedom of Information request revealed staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large.
Carer Tom Zolynski stole £10,000 from a pensioner he was supposed to be helping.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
They are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page.
The England flanker returned to the club where he started his career in 2012.
Haskell has surpassed the 100 appearances mark for the club.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, appeared on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed' last week.
She said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel were shattered.
A man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack, she said.
The hotelier also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls.
Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves up onto a pole that hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City.
The Mexico international has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid.
Eight European sides are also interested in the 26-year-old.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
Deputy Labour leader refuses to rule out above-inflation increases.
Asked if party would raise levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT'
George Osborne said remarks showed Labour would bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’
Stacey Johnson, 22, from Hertfordshire, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007.
She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister, Dannii, 20, also had a tumour, although hers is benign.
Dannii is awaiting a scan to see if it has grown and what the best course of treatment will be.
They have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses.
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the World Championships.
The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line.
Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield on Sunday.
Janet Brown was murdered at her family home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire.
The 51-year-old nurse was found naked, gagged with packing tape.
Her body was found at the bottom of the stairs in April 1995.
Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
Mrs Brown's daughters Roxanne and Zara described her as a 'kind and loving nurse'
The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level.
You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water, especially during the summer.
The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds.
Gruesome video shows men being beheaded in the Syrian city of al-Mayadin.
They are accused of exploding a car bomb 'which killed innocent people'
One by one, the men are marched to a wooden stump and killed.
A masked Jihadi then takes their heads off with a sharpened blade.
The six-minute long propaganda video was posted online on April 5.
It depicts everyday life in the ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in August 2013.
His parents, Donna and Peter Lane, listened to 911 emergency phone call.
Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Luna allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull.
The Australian driver has urged his Red Bull team to forge a return to the front of the grid.
Ricciardo finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
The mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
She hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb.
Her colleagues thought Robbie had traded her in for a younger, slimmer model.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren.
Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently.
Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C.
She has been suspended from her position after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington, Virginia.
The verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.
McHenry continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand.
She has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox to launch their new MySymmetry customisable series.
Here she shares her top tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
Pair repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi, from Feltham, London, did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
But Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby.
After IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
The 26-year-old holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landscapes.
The stunning Arc De Triomphe, on the Champ de Mars, was opened in 1889 and has come to define the French capital.
Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists, Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64.
Powers' on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.
This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on the striker.
The midnight deadline passed without Madrid making a formal offer.
Hernandez has been restricted to just nine starts this season.
Barcelona eased to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez scored twice to put the La Liga leaders in control.
Thiago Silva and David Luiz struggled to cope with Neymar's trickery.
Yohan Cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
Edinson Cavani had no luck in front of goal and was wasteful.
Bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder.
Bluey is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Carol Chandler, 53, accused of indecently assaulting boy under 16 in 1980s.
She was charged as part of Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation.
Five people have been charged by officers from investigation into abuse at St Paul's School in Barnes, south west London.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.
Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford.
The facility was served with a federal stop-work order last month.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network.
Miners have since appealed the order and spokesman, Kerby Jackson, confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from 'burning or breaking anything'
Leanne Bourne, a mother-of-four from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her partner Steve was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Three years on, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
At one point Nikki's father makes an appearance, in keeping with tradition.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's win over Burnley.
The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will be out for several months.
Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign.
She gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
Pierre Collins, 33, was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10.
The boy's body was found in the Mississippi River on Saturday by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son.
Barway, who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, was last seen after school last month.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing'
Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl Liu Siying.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism, which condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking: 'I did not think too much about it at all'
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring.
The Italy international made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Buffon joined Juventus from Parma in 2001.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
The mummies ranged in age from several days old to the elderly, but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments.
In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya.
The 15-year-old had dumped her for a classmate after he ended their relationship.
Police set up a sting operation, sending undercover officer to pose as hitman.
He filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her ex-lover in the Russian city of Shatura.
After handing over expense money, she was arrested by armed police in her car.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found Thursday night after disappearing from a car wash and shouting'mommy'
Her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday.
The girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted.
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014.
The landlord claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and woke up beside his car.
But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his Nissan Navara.
He was found guilty of drink-driving, failing to stop after an accident and driving dangerously.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run half marathons and raised money for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth round of brain surgery on April 1.
He completed 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop.
Gibbons are known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit.
They produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
But scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours.
Researchers at Wisconsin University in Madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal in the Premier League.
Oscar hopes that winning the title this season can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
The Brazil international has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40-60m.
Crystal Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland on April 11.
Pardew is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars.
Young Star Wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by R2D2.
The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling.
In the video, which shows the boy giggling with delight, the blue and white robot begins to copy his actions as he turns in his wheelchair.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
McCoy had been hoping for a final National success before Benvolio withdrew.
The 20-time champion will retire next week.
Man, 29, had been playing the game for six to eight weeks.
He had just left the military and was in between jobs when he tore tendon.
Doctors said case shows video games can numb people’s pain.
Could be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing.
Candy Crush Saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since 2012.
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
England posted 373 for six at stumps on St George's Day.
Captain Alastair Cook scored 76 with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top.
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver.
The driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller - was let off the hook by fellow cops.
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager Brendan Rodgers had already gone cold on the Italian.
Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
He knew Jose Mourinho considered him ‘unmanageable’
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting.
Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on Top Gear.
The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
Tim Sherwood takes on friend Chris Ramsey when Aston Villa play QPR.
QPR will leapfrog Sherwood's side if they win at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Sherwood's team were swept aside by Manchester United on Saturday.
The Villa boss insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus of keeping Villa in the division.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another
Document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
The corporation used the images during an 'Emoji Budget' article following George Osborne's statement last month.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled trigger.
Minutes later, he was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators trying to determine where gun came from - and identity of person responsible.
Police chief Calvin Williams said this person will likely face charges in relation to shooting.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February.
There have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday.
Stoll, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond.
Andrews, who co-hosts Dancing With The Stars and works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports, was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with Stoll the day after he was arrested.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in a head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, was driving her car when it swerved into the path of an oncoming ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
A relative posted the heartbreaking photo of William with has arm around Piper looking out at the water.
More than $32,000 has already been raised online to help the devastated family after a Gofundme page was set up to cover the cost of their funerals.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves.
The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland.
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
But when the case appeared
A fed up resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.
'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read.
The letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community Facebook page.
A local woman, who only wanted to be known as Lauren, did not agree with the tone of the note.
Demand for coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent.
Celebrities such as Kate Middleton have driven the craze.
A-list stars Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part.
Dick Advocaat takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil.
The 67-year-old says he will not underestimate the significance of the Wear-Tyne derby.
Rangers were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998 in the Old Firm.
David Cameron backs royals' choice of private care for Kate's second child.
Comes after Prince William and Kate chose St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
Prime Minister said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
But he also praised the NHS, saying it is a'matter of choice' for people.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to Iran.
The Foreign Minister wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions.
Everton players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session.
The fun-filled occasion included games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by manager Roberto Martinez and his coaching staff.
Dino Maglio, 35, has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl.
He was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday.
Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.
Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was'stupid' to spike her drink.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games.
Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
One man in the Lord Nelson pub told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman.
The 216 prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
They were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of Kirkuk.
Yazidi activists say many remain in the hands of Islamic State, which has often subjected women to rape or sexual slavery.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes.
It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia.
Lucy Scott created Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year.
The book chronicles the emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in a series of wry, honest illustrations.
Scott created the book after looking back at her own experience of the entire first year of being a parent.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1.
Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen scored for the visitors at St James' Park.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques.
She claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth.
But it was actually carried out in her home in Pontypridd, Wales.
Harkin also forged the deputy head's name in order to cash one in person.
Mother-of-two jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud.
Cloud formation resembling Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province.
Shi Chao, a student at Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw cloud.
Cloud appeared to perfectly mimick global symbol for wifi.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free.
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India.
To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German coach will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract.
Klopp has vowed to win as many games as he can before ending his seven-year reign.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris, 47, was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009.
She was reported missing by her father after she failed to turn up for work.
Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have carried out a number of searches.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Ten top doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
They accused Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died.
The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while.
Odion Ighalo scored Watford's equaliser to secure a point at the iPro Stadium.
Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a strike into the bottom corner.
Marco Motta was sent off for Watford just before half-time for bringing down Johnny Russell.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, faced growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims.
She ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences.
But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him Saturday.
His hearing-impaired sister, Alyssa, 9, ran over and scared off the hounds so she could tend to Elijah.
The wounded boy could stand up or walk on his own, so his little sister picked him up and carried him home.
On Monday, the animals that attacked Elijah were still seen roaming around the neighbor's yard.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years.
He began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month.
His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors.
Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him last season.
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho praised the 'top question' before giving an equally ambiguous answer.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority.
Slightly more impressed with PM than that of Ed Miliband during campaign.
Poll suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies.
Nicky Morgan set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity cannot be baptized.
However, they have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
The medical community believes Morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or suffering from substance abuse.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
The 20-time champion jockey will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle’s friends.
McCoy will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara, both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby on Tuesday.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the home side.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84.
Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes Benaud's spirit made him one of the most popular figures in the game.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday afternoon.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals including a hat-trick.
Gareth Bale broke the deadlock with a first-half strike.
Karim Benzema also notched a double as Real Madrid kept pressure on Barcelona.
Comics at the BBC must go through lengthy process to get jokes on air.
Some jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved, says Chris Sussman.
Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal involving Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results.
Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.
Atletico have won all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League last season.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique all made the semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side.
Hernandez and Ronaldo combined for Real Madrid's winner against Atletico Madrid.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap, Freaky Friday and Mean Girls.
But the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility.
Kate Moss was one of the most famous supermodels in the world, rising to fame in the Nineties after she was discovered at the tender age of 14.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia to reach the Fed Cup final.
The Czech Republic are the current reigning champions.
They will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower.
His beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Kris said Mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back.
Friend Alfred Harris said he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair.
Jury shown dramatic footage of moment police arrived at couple's home.
Tulip Siddiq, a former aide to Ed Miliband, was at the Kremlin with her aunt.
She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Tories accuse Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin.
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money,' said police.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda in the 1970s.
It came after he managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
Burger King will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event.
The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin, Illinois.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They were left by a barefooted early human that walked much like we do.
The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake.
Over a four year excavation period a total of 483 prints have been uncovered - 99 of which were human.
Previous work by Dr Neil Roach has shown that Homo erectus had developed the physic needed to be a deadly hunter.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did.
A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Some of the best wine is made within an hour's drive of the city, from the Barossa Valley to McLaren Vale.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners.
Rangers lined up to applaud Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago.
But Stubbs insisted that the threat of unrest – not a lack of respect – was responsible for the decision.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Around 35 crew members were safely rescued after being held in life rafts.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states.
For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over Newcastle.
That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three.
Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland's survival attempts.
Suspect: Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire used to radicalise Muslims.
Those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said.
Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
She wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
Environmental body says it may result in 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour.
The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
There is no buy-out clause in their £750m, 10-year deal with adidas.
United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford.
Jim Ratcliffe wants to demolish a beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old businessman is based in Switzerland and claims that the new house will be his only UK residence.
He has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek permission for his new £4million beachfront mansion which can jack itself up in the case of flooding.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste face Empoli in the Italian capital on Sunday.
Poundland's sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year.
The budget retailer is Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria.
Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.
Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriia Rogotneva.
Sailing peacefully across the river, the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
The men release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL.
The 27-year-old posted an offensive comment on Instagram on Saturday.
Luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock.
He had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young fan.
But Luke hit back saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters'
The comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media.
Patrick Barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune.
Beginning in 1965, the Trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast.
Barkham loves the loneliness of beaches and headlands.
Analysts at intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day.
They receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience.
The content analysts watch is often violent, but it's'mostly' pornography.
Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
The competition's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult.
Children were tortured by their mother and her partner, who attacked them.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad.
Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.
He equalled the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997.
Spieth was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta.
It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to victory.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe.
The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning.
Awford said his goodbyes to the Portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating online.
The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 114-88.
James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot to extend Golden State's winning run to 11 games.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 to move half a game ahead of Memphis in the race for second.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London.
He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead.
Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to an end.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain.
This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Nigel Pearson's side face West Ham United on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have lost both La Liga matches against Atletico this season.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against Tuesday's opponents.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United in 1996.
Xabi Alonso scored from the edge of the centre circle for Liverpool in 2006.
Moritz Stoppelkamp volleyed the ball into the net from 83 yards.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore blue and black frock for BBC contenders' debate.
It has been described as blue, grey and green.
But on Twitter, it was all about the dress.
Tony Pulis insists he has been told by West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace any takeover will not drag on.
Peace is open to offers for the Midlands club.
There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China.
The Baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara.
Pujara has signed a deal until the end of May after cancelling the contract of Younis Khan.
Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon said that Younus made his international intentions clear on Sunday.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer.
The 25-year-old striker is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
A spokeswoman for the school said parents had been satisfied by the prompt actions of the school.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world.
The male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2.
Both John and Carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act straight and delete the Instagram account they share.
Craig Davies scored a brace to ensure his side claimed all three points.
Eidur Gudjohnsen put Cardiff ahead in the 55th minute.
Bolton's Josh Vela was booked for a late swipe at Peter Whittingham.
The Bluebirds now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
It currently comes in two different size ranges - small and large.
A single pair costs $30 (£20) but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $12 (£8)
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife.
Brighton Magistrates' Court heard he later attacked her in the chest, torso, arms and back.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday morning.
Friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
He was a freshman at McKinney Boyd High but had reportedly asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students.
School district officials have not yet responded to requests over whether they were aware of the bullying claims.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another during an emotional memorial service for five nursing students who were killed in a fiery crash.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20 and Catherine Pittman, 21, of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett, 21 were also killed.
The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck, but it was no consolation to the students' grief-stricken families.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
The Pelicans needed to win to secure the second seed in the Western Conference playoffs.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in the Thunder's 138-113 victory over Minnesota that was rendered moot by New Orleans' play-off-clinching win.
Brooklyn Nets clinched the final Eastern Conference playoff spot, beating the Orlando Magic 101-88.
Memphis Grizzlies downed the Pacers 95-83 to end Indiana's playoff hopes.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash boost would be paid for.
He said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy.
But he declined to go into further detail.
Holly Beard, 24, and her fiance Steve Hancock, 27, tipped the scales at 41st.
But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians.
Before she could tuck in, a member of the public shouted: 'She doesn't need a cake - look at the size of her'
The warehouse manager lost 5st and went from 23st 7lb to a healthier 18st 7lbs.
Maison Souquet is located in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district.
Located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, the hotel is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess.
Of the 20-room hotel's 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites.
The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of'stars' and can be booked out for private use.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night.
He said: 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues.
Sawyer had mentioned President's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday.
To the family's surprise the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers pretend that the overhead lights were candles for Mazzy to blow out.
The crew fashioned Mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Other healthy tips are to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work.
Former Holland forward Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord next season.
Kuyt signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club.
The 34-year-old said now is a good time to return to Rotterdam as "I'm fit and have a great drive to make a success of my time at De Kuip"
Rajpal Singh, 34, had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach.
Over a three year period, he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries.
He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed the hundreds of foreign objects inside Mr Singh's stomach.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his daughter standing near rocky outcrop in Japan.
He wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
But he 'just happened to notice the boots behind her in that one shot'
Mr Springall said he had 'no idea' what the item could be.
Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
If they aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said.
Patty stressed that police were worried about the welfare of the five children who were believed to be with them.
David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign today.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Ed Miliband launched manifesto.
Mr Cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board.
Rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo.
The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona.
Fortune claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the La Liga encounter.
University of South Florida, in a joint project with Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of land.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
Other areas in the training center are used to teach deputies how to safely drive during chases, shoot a gun and subdue airplane hostage takers.
The 12-year-old victim was walking in a subway underneath a road in Newbury.
Two boys approached him and sprayed him with highly flammable WD40.
They then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight.
Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight.
Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan.
The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
Ali was in attendance for the LFC All-Stars match at Anfield last month.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad.
James Whitaker has been involved in one of the grimmest periods in English cricket.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears.
The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers.
Tillman opted to link-up with Ron Rivera, who worked as defensive co-ordinator from 2004-6.
Hull travel to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games.
The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins last week.
Steve Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' if they're to avoid relegation.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
Bulldogs chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
The facility is the first of its kind at the White House.
It is in keeping with the administration’s existing legal guidance on this issue.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances.
Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight.
The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
During the fight, you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to'separate these folks' and talk to them.
Another officer is then put into a headlock and pulled to the ground
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly was on university holidays at the time he had been working full time in his job at a fruit and vegetable wholesaler and he had saved $2800.
He put his athletics training on hold so he could work enough hours to save money, but he returned to university as normal at
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
That treble was Ronaldo's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga.
It also took his formidable goal tally for the Bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches.
But, compared with some, they have got off quite lightly.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto.
It includes several photographs of the party's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
Mr Farage said premise was wrong, with picture of immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
He added: 'There was an eruption in the room as our black and ethnic minority candidates stood up and looked at this guy in a pretty hostile way'
Hillary Clinton is currently 65 both in the UK and the US.
She is aiming to become the leader of the Free World just months before her 70th birthday.
If successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House.
A black-and-white photograph showing Clinton as a toddler just after the end of the Second World War has been posted on her Twitter feed.
Mario Mandzukic was injured during Atletico Madrid's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid.
The Croatian striker is expected to be fit for the return at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Atletico and rivals Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps.
Parking charges and fines made councils in England a record £667million last year.
Most ATMs are free to use, but those in places such as nightclubs and some corner shops can charge around £1.50 to withdraw cash.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia in the street.
They followed them home from the Post Office after they had collected their pensions before demanding the cash.
If the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012.
Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year
The woman, 84, was helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her.
She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones.
The driver, also 84, hit three parked cars - a Lexus, Mazda S Sport and Vauxhall Astra.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain.
The world No 1 has won each of them on courses which have been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week.
McIlroy's huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles.
Tiger Woods has the skill set to succeed for a fourth time at Augusta.
Leeds Rhinos beat Castleford 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos.
Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Under the deferred prosecution agreement, Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud, a criminal offense, in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price-fixing conspiracy with other banks.
The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
Nicola Sturgeon has denied she secretly hoped David Cameron would win the election.
She told supporters in Glasgow today that she had asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.
Ms Sturgeon described the account of her conversation with the French ambassador as '100 per cent untrue'
The memo was written by a British civil servant.
Raul Hector Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program.
As Obama gears up to sell US skeptics on the deal, he said he is convinced talks are the best way forward.
Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She married Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna.
But by personal choice, Robin's acting career dwindled rapidly.
Her Golden Globe nominated performance in Forest Gump cemented her co-star's career.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his home in San Bernardino County, California, on horseback after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves to win the award.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
Pochettino has defended the club's decision to play a one off pre-season game against the MLS All Stars in Colorado on July 29.
Sheffield Wednesday held Bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
The Cherries are unbeaten in 10 Championship games.
Eddie Howe said he felt 'heartbroken' by the loss.
The idea of another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Ms Sturgeon has vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States.
The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
On game day I love the national anthem at the start. It's not mine but it really gees me up. The fans swing their scarves and sing. It’s an honour to play in front of them.
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
They were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans.
Among them was self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery.
He camped out overnight ahead of 2011 Royal Wedding and attended every day of inquest into death of Princess Diana.
Also watching proceedings was royal fan Terry Hut, 79, who came prepared with balloons and signs.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
She recommended the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
Mrs Middleton, 60, has previously been accused of cashing in.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation.
On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest.
This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study.
Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms.
The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne.
They packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover.
However they struggled to fit the large loot into the boot and lost about a third of their loot.
The men are wanted for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area.
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement.
The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
Lawyers had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
Levy was fired in February 2013, days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera.
Investigators discovered roughly 1
Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians.
The evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
Pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left: bolshie unions and minorities.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle.
She had gone to wash her clothes in the Vishwamitri River, west India.
But a mugger crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river.
Vankar said: 'I felt the crocodile would drown my daughter as it tried to roll into the water'
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea after being ruled out for the season.
The winger has been on loan at Stoke but damaged his hamstring.
Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for the Nigeria international.
They have opened talks with Ligue 1 side Evian over the possible transfer of defender Daniel Wass.
The Ultimate Collection beat albums by Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith.
It is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990.
Simon rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel in 1970s.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure.
The 59-year-old farmer put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
But he has refused to do so and further 'told the copper to p*ss off'
Mr Cook says he will add fairy lights to the structure tonight.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make sure the NGA does not leave the city, and take the 3,000 jobs it provides.
If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection.
Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council at Milford High School.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Gough is taking part in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop.
Leaked emails reveal pressure from Sony and BBC WorldWide.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.
A cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
Doctors were preparing to amputate his right leg, but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics began to work.
As a result his leg was saved and he is keen to raise awareness of his ordeal.
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition.
He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal.
This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha.
Salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield.
Josh Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Sebastian Vettel won his first race in 35 grands prix in Malaysia.
The four-time world champion returned to the team's factory at Maranello.
Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike.
She has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models.
The mother-of-four saw her weight increase while she was raising their children Jake, now 20, Conor, 17, Liam, 14, and Kaine, 10.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists.
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter's Thinking Out Loud is the top song.
Sam Smith, 22, features four times on the list, including Stay With Me.
Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do is the third favourite song to fall asleep to.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
The Daily Share found that the differences between these razors of the same brand differed by more than a dollar between the men's and women's versions.
This practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit.
He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night.
Ms Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G.
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
At the same time, the evidence suggests that 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
Hercules and Leo are living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island.
They are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project.
Julian Speroni will be at Crystal Palace for another year at least.
The goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month extension that will expire at the end of next season.
Speroni joined from Dundee in 2004 and will have a testimonial against Dundee at end of the season.
Vince Cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the Conservatives again.
In the interview, Mr Cable said the Prime Minister and the Chancellor were 'highly intelligent guys' and added that they 'don't snarl at each other'
Cable says he would stop 'the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog' if Cameron scrapes home.
Cody Neatis, eight, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection.
He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
But he has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week.
She fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen in the night.
Hospital trust insists it has ordered a suitable bed from America.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday.
The 37-year-old finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004.
Liverpool host Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-finals on Monday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
The Reds have a game in hand on their rivals.
Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways.
The 32-year-old Cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his daughter.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
He has pleaded for the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
'Every day that ticks over is essentially children suffering as well as my daughter,' he said.
Three men accused of being Assad agents have been executed, say ISIS.
Video shows them kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
They are then blindfolded and filmed in a van before being beheaded.
One by one the men are beheaded by a fighter dressed completely in black.
ISIS is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920.
Fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation.
Iceland's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault.
A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
Taylor's injury record has severely limited his first-team appearances.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight', according to a source.
It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotteril's side drew 1-1 at second-placed Preston on Tuesday.
City have already won silverware this season in the shape of a Johnstone's Paint Trophy win.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
Some primitive African societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning.
In 1996, Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention.
Kathy's lawyer blames the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of her client's arrest.
A jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison.
The two were able to repair their relationship and they now live close to each other in Georgia.
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway.
Just steps away in the bakery, a few run-of-the-mill people decided they didn't want to be seen with her.
'There was a bit of a thing back here when she came in,' explained Marcia DuBois, a cashier at the bakery.
Clinton's communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion.
Passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync.
As the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway, this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings.
The planes, one an American Airlines, landed at the same time on adjacent runways.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Many of these highly-trained commanders joined the insurgency in the mid-2000s.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton.
The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast.
Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up.
Alice is the current front runner for a princess, followed by Victoria.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2.
F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel.
The scene looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson's Hansel.
Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter.
But he is now offering to post tweets for $20 for anyone who pays him $20.
The 46-year-old recently offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s.
He was the only man who could beat Evander Holyfield in 1992.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill for the operation.
Couple are now set to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital's chapel.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London.
Sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq accused MailOnline of 'picking on her'
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle.
Her mother Jan had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Tesco said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark.
The man was arrested for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm on Friday.
He was then taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance.
Tens of thousands are set to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women.
In January the Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures.
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'
The clip shows glamorous pop star dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014.
Britain's aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
Despite this, the UK increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade.
They claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures.
Principal and police chief told them to'suck it up' and charge them.
On Thursday, Clatskanie School District was ordered to pay $225,000.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday to show off his new watch.
The 26-year-old compared his watch to Michael Knight from Knight Rider.
Arsenal trail Chelsea by 10 points with six league games remaining.
Ray Parlour believes Jack Wilshere is the future of the club.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours.
Manchester City currently occupy second place in the Premier League.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
A dentist had testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
The girl had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
Wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole.
Kim Sears was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday.
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat.
She wore the dress to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival.
He landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month’s meeting.
McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He was accused this week of using an anonymous user ID to delete embarrassing facts.
But yesterday it emerged that the senior Wikipedia administrator was a former Lib-Dem member.
Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for Heriot's Racing Club.
The hooker was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Heriot's won the clash 97-31 to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed.
Sir Nick Faldo gave Rory McIlroy a squeeze during Monday's practice round.
McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'
Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the baby.
It follows success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend.
The 33-year-old amateur jockey helped the couple rekindle their romance.
Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month.
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances.
West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini.
The Manchester City boss has lost six of his last eight games.
Mourinho said Man City 'looks like they're criminals'
Chelsea travel to Manchester United on Saturday.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.
Bournemouth's promotion means Arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
The Seasiders' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club.
Blackpool supporters gathered in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors' box windows were targeted with eggs.
Rev Richard Coles sits on board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association.
Known to many for presenting Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live.
He is supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
He was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court.
Blackman has been told he is'surplus to requirements' by Blackpool boss Lee Clark.
Kim, 34, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.
The reality TV star admitted that she likes it when kid's wear'mini-me styles' and she loves'seeing kids in black'
Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26.
Her body was found in the trunk and next to it was a 15-pound barbell.
Tong's boyfriend Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case.
He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing.
Li is wanted for the first-degree murder of Tong Shao.
State-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss.
It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided.
The loss is a blow to taxpayers, who own 80 per cent of the bank.
The two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted.
Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died.
Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as separate category.
The move has been hailed by Islamic groups.
Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Tickets are what the ticket industry calls'spec tickets' because the sellers don't actually have them in hand but expect to get them before the fight.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage.
State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market.
Local residents attack bottled water industry and almond growers.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The talkSPORT lead football pundit called Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat'
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for new season with a new diet.
Bookmakers Paddy Power have a new stunt showing Ruby Walsh supposedly preparing for the Grand National by jumping his horse over a speeding car.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year's team.
Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City.
City have had just 11 players named since 1992 – the same as Leeds United – with only Shaun Wright-Phillips coming before
Lord Prescott defended Prince Charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers.
He said he should 'right to write as many damn letters as he likes'
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers.
Ripley's Believe It or Not! survey reveals who we would most like to have as our parents.
David Beckham voted number one for Dad.
Holly Willoughby voted second favourite for mum.
Katie Hopkins voted bottom of the list for celebrity mother.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York.
The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America.
Villa's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11.
Dave Roberts is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps.
But instead of falling to his death like his relative did 100 years ago, Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Mr Roberts, 50, said: 'Daniel, this one's for you' as he jumped off the bridge.
Alison Saunders said her job as head of CPS was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
She was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged.
Evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes in Saudi Arabia.
He was found with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and a box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year.
The possession of alcohol is illegal in the country.
Mutty has been unable to leave Saudi Arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
Andrew Surman's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici's far post.
The striker was booked for diving in the 55th minute.
French health chiefs say UK is responsible for sharp rise in youngsters who binge-drink.
They have slammed the practice as an 'Anglo-Saxon phenomenon'
Critics say it's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age.
HSBC refused to grant £250,000 mortgage because husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
Couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination.
HSBC ordered to pay compensation after Financial Ombudsman Service found lender guilty of being 'unfair'
Bank said decision was based on its age restrictions for interest-only loans.
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss.
The last time Harry Kane failed to hit a shot on target in the league was on December 6 against Crystal Palace.
Kane made just 14 passes, the joint lowest of any Spurs starter.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season in Shanghai.
Hamilton finished second to extend his lead at the summit of the Formula One world championship.
Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate after the race.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Sebastian Vettel.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Scott Bain.
But the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan.
Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
Lawmakers who employ 'too-thin' models face fines and even jail time under the new French law.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, lost her husband to prostate cancer 12 years ago.
She now lives in Menorca with her friend Julia Church, 67.
The pair often party all night in the Spanish island.
Pat's family think she's great fun and love it if she joins them.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
Kramer also constructs more surreal variations on still life, involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background.
The length of time taken depends entirely on the size of the painting and the level of detail.
Hearts beat Hibs 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby at Easter Road.
Alan Stubbs' side remain second in the Championship.
Stubbs hailed the bravery of his players after the game.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona after half-an-hour.
Neymar doubled the lead with a beautifully struck free-kick.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Inverness Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings has been suspended for one match.
Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'
Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
They cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart.
Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
Found that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
The researchers hope their findings could lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
It means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle.
Should you take iron pills to treat it?
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, started living as a woman at 18.
She has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands.
Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode.
Contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer.
Host Nick Hewer struggled to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection'
It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up.
Only 25% of people think David Cameron is hungriest to win the election.
43% think Ed Miliband is most up for the fight when compared to PM.
Only 7% think Mr Cameron is enjoying the campaign the most out of all main party leaders.
Manchester United watched Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain.
Anderson set up Lazio's winner against Napoli in the Coppa Italia semi-final.
Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez set to leave.
Kim Jong-Un was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang.
Footage shows him waving and smiling with his right wrist in bandages.
It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the 32-year-old.
Doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist, and judged it to be a minor injury.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
England face West Indies in the second Test in Antigua on Tuesday.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the squad after missing the first Test.
England captain Steve Waugh has urged the ECB to end the 'circus' surrounding Kevin Pietersen's potential England recall.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old.
She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
After a 62-mile trek through the Thai jungle, she can be seen nuzzling her mother.
The pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks.
It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Baldwin is posted to the Foreign Missions Branch, which is attached to the State Department and deals with the United States' diplomatic activities.
Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven on the opening day of their match.
Alex Hales completed a double century on Sunday.
The England international was unbeaten on 222 not out.
Hales hopes his knock sends a message to the England selectors.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
She claims'sometimes when I get home and I'm not feeling so great, I make myself go to the gym'
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table.
Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down.
Stoke have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
The club are set to miss out on European football next year.
The images were created by concept artist Alex Brady, 32, from Cambridge.
He normally works on video games and movies, but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like.
A space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in Earth orbit.
It would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on Earth, and would enable people to live in space.
The station is located in orbit around Earth, allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with relative ease.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace once Premier League safety is secured.
Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
He had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland.
The 42-year-old had witnessed'significant violence only soldiers experience'
He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia.
Coroner records misadventure as a verdict at Bolton Coroners Court.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City.
The 24-year-old left back is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
SNP leader says she understands concerns of English voters about coalition.
She also suggested David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP.
Miss Sturgeon insisted she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin, before being ‘scratched’ by a key.
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on 24th April.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats.
The image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Some ISIS supporters on Twitter appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information about the defeat at Tikrit and discussions of the defeat of Kobane.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday.
The espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.
The pirates pushed the boat to the shoreline of a remote beach in Jeanette Kawas National Park, cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days.
They survived on rainwater, peanut butter and cheese and made a make-shift tent to stay in until they
Deborah Roberts forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to silence her.
The 53-year-old also poured water over the dementia patient.
Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity.
But she avoided a prison sentence at Canterbury Magistrates' Court.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help Aston Villa battle relegation.
Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year.
The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer.
Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth.
Scientists took CT scans of teeth found at two sites in northern Italy.
They found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture.
This culture produced the world’s earliest known musical instruments and the oldest wall art.
It also produced advanced bone and antler based weapons, and are thought to have been behind a 40,000-year-old sculpture known as Lion Man.
Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' jobless lifestyle.
The 45-year-old appears to have already launched a new career as a documentary maker.
His Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's unceremonious sacking.
He has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport.
They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, was arrested.
Group is understood to include his aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children.
Four children on trip aged one, three, eight and 11 have also been flown back to UK.
Scotland international centre Matt Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season.
Scott went under the knife last week but he has now been told he will have to be operated on again.
The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing in a music video.
The Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing.
Pacquiao will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas meeting, held in Panama, less than four months after they announced they would seek to lower tensions and boost trade.
and travel between the two Cold War enemies.
Rebecca Adlington's baby girl is due on June 4.
The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else.
It offers over-the-water villas which provide the perfect sea view.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games since the turn of the year.
The midfielder assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the Catalans' hunt for the treble.
Mohammad Liaqat stormed into Mount Carmel High School in Accrington.
Headteacher Xavier Bowers banned Muslim pupils from growing beards.
The 34-year-old hurled insults at white teachers in front of parents.
He then assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave the school.
Liaqat was remanded in custody and will be sentenced in June.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league's disciplinary commission.
The Swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals for PSG since joining the Ligue 1 outfit in July 2012.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race by slowing down.
Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Hamilton is bidding to win a third World Championship title this season.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional'mock war'
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
The tradition dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013.
They drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, where they shot him to death.
A joint found near Lloyd's body had Hernandez's and Lloyd's DNA on it.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp.
His sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview.
Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax'
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones'
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley are set to reunite for a film.
The cast will begin filming in the autumn.
Saunders, 56, said she had been 'nervous' about writing the film script.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
The Magpies failed to show at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
John Carver admits he was 'embarrassed' by the performance.
This incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
It is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man in Hyde Park.
Campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana, comparing the size of their joints and listening to speakers.
The term '420' has become universally known as the code word for cannabis - after a group of students coined it while searching for an abandoned crop of marijuana in 1971.
Premier League returns this weekend after fourth international break.
Six teams are still chasing their first win after an international break this season.
Chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record.
Liverpool have a significantly worse record following the international break than in overall form.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The platform works real time, and the company have a 24/7 Customer Service.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11.
Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
The artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before filling in with paints with different textures based on colour.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33.
His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her trial.
Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Duffy and Evans planned to steal and sell firearms from the rural property so they could buy drugs.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell.
The 25-year-old has impressed for the Hammers this season.
City are desperate to add to their quota of English players.
James Milner is on the brink of leaving the club.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round.
Gonzaga had not fought in the UFC since 2011.
The fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round.
Aston Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th.
The gap could close this weekend with Burnley and Leicester in Premier League action.
Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to think that one more win will be enough to ensure survival.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a Champions Cup disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
The 58-year-old actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, took to her Twitter account on Tuesday to thank her supporters.
On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine.
She revealed that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in formative years.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
He played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
The Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket.
Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to seal victory.
Real could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich in the last eight.
Mathew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel.
A passer-by grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car.
He dragged Sitko further up to safety, where police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle.
She claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years.
But on her return to lessons following Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down.
Now, during her last year of A-levels, Emily has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor played in the 1985 World Snooker final.
Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Darius is the king of the Continental Giant breed.
He is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
Aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was ideal training ground.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
Allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle, which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises on the surrounding hills.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago.
Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Shannon and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month - after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in this burning SUV.
Their incredible story was shared by KTLA after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke at Upton Park.
Marko Arnautovic and Mame Diouf scored for the Irons.
Sam Allardyce lamented his side's 'nerves and panic'
The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games.
The Belgian striker is set to attract interest from Wolfsburg.
Benteke's contract at Villa Park is worth £50,000 per week.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Scot's College does not advertise their fees for tuition, sport and other curriculum activities, but in 2013 they were reported to be $30,900 per year.
Atletico Madrid are in talks with Palermo over the signing of Paulo Dybala.
Argentine forward has attracted interest from a number of European clubs.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by demanding he rediscovers the 'defensive intensity' that made him an undisputed starter.
Glenn Ford, 65, was released from prison in Angola last year after serving 30 years for a murder he didn't commit.
Marty Stroud, 63, visited Ford at his home in Shreveport, Louisiana, last week to apologize for putting him behind bars.
Stroud, who had been with the Caddo District Attorney's office for two years, went out to celebrate by having drinks with his team.
Ford, who is black, also faced an all-white jury.
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona right-back Martin Montoya pull off trick shot.
The 23-year-old defender lifted the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club.
Joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother, Frankie took to the garden to have a go.
He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Roland Giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side of the tank.
The fish swims away from the man's hand a few times but returns to be massaged.
After a while the fish enjoyed being stroked and Mr Giroux noted that it would become frustrated if he didn’t play with it on a daily basis.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, have appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week.
The comedy trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die'
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
April Jones was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys.
She was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger, 49, in October 2012.
Mrs Jones has been branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play.
The 43-year-old admitted she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike 'for an extra 15 minutes' after getting a good school report that day.
A young English fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
The typed letter, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
After a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother.
The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
In addition he also damaged a TV and iPad worth £740 during the attack.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year.
Severance's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder', a prosecutor has said.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City against West Ham.
The 26-year-old says his goal against the Hammers may be his most important yet.
Leicester remain at the foot of the Premier League table.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
She and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s Porgera gold mine.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital.
But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase.
Porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, from 5am to 10pm every day.
The construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California, and arriving in Santa Rosa, California.
The giant arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off.
Many of these were lost as the metal was used in the war effort during the Second World War.
Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith say they have found 102 arrows so far and have set up their website Arrows Across America.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday.
He was speaking as a 3D hologram from his physical location in the UK.
The legendary physicist was asked about the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction.
But he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Without that run, they would have been on 20 points in the Premier League.
Newcastle are currently joint bottom of the table with Burnley.
The squad has shown its true colours with two wins in the last 14 games.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink.
As part of the Qingming Festival, China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
In Shaanxi Province, a huge outdoor celebration was held in honour of the 'Yellow Emperor' Huang Di, considered the founding father of the Chinese nation.
The Eiffel Tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures.
The nationwide strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.
Now workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death.
It gives Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by Oklahoma is constitutional.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
Jailed yesterday after admitting to string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court.
He was jailed for nine and a half years after admitting a string of crimes.
The career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile.
England left for the Caribbean on Thursday knowing they must beat the West Indies on their return to Test cricket to salvage the futures of key personnel.
Kevin Pietersen was the name on everyone’s lips at Gatwick Airport as beleaguered coach Peter Moores and returning captain Alastair Cook put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany.
He is now living with a group of English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia.
Hamza's friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet, possibly to help him with his loneliness.
The Belgian fighter proudly showed off his 'babies' perched in a big cage next to a prompted back AK 47 rifle.
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool.
The former Liverpool forward made the claim before the game.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism.
Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother.
He was given the all-clear by Qantas, and on Friday morning he flew to Brisbane for the weekend.
The airline said it had not in any way discriminated against Ms Laurente and her son.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6.
He had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
Bill Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987.
The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of William, who was three years old when he vanished from his grandmother's Kendall home in September.
His lawyer said the accused is adamant he is innocent and has done nothing wrong.
It comes as police returned to his home on Monday for a third time this year after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
The 21-year-old made his first start for England against Italy.
Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from the tournament.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace.
The 25-year-old has been a mainstay in the first team this season.
Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign.
He cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew in his decision to sign a new deal.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos in India's I-League.
The 34-year-old midfielder signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth will tee off at 2:55pm local time (7.55pm BST) on Saturday.
The American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are tied for third with Dustin Johnson on seven under par.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day as they bid to make up ground on their 12-shot deficit to Spieth.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, Guildford Crown Court heard.
The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.
He was a Maths teacher at convicted sex offender Max Clifford's former school.
Shorter was bailed to appear before the same court on May 8.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on This Morning.
She recalled incident involving daughter Aimee, now 19, when she was 12.
The council worker was handcuffed in front of her daughter in 2008.
Aimee was forced to watch the incident, all the while screaming 'I want my mummy'
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head is created with malleable material called Frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology.
It contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across (there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre)
Using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles.
National Trust bought the site from private landowners for £3million.
Jose Mourinho started with Thibaut Courtois in goal for Chelsea.
Mario Balotelli's first start in a Premier League game since November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before.
Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham were held to a 2-2 draw with Southampton.
Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002.
His daughters Stella and Mary were said to have been less than overjoyed.
The pair went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when distracted.
Researchers observed parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
The ad features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday morning.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer.
Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
Gutierrez was the visitors' best player, not that he had much competition.
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills.
It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in Britain.
Engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter.
Sales of iPhones in China were also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year, making it the world's most valuable company.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'
Experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5% in first three months of 2015.
This is down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014, according to the ONS.
Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning, just nine days before voters go to the polls.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
Mr Brock had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death.
His widow Julie said she and her husband had no idea who the men were.
Research carried out by Forsa Institute found number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent.
Instead, they are now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin.
Daniel Wass is available for around £3.5million.
The Denmark international has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle.
Wass is quick and can play at right back, left back or either wing.
Stoke scouts have also been monitoring Sporting Lisbon pair Islam Slimani and Andre Carrillo.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
Labour wants to hit small- and medium-sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance.
They want all companies with more than 50 employees to have a system of profit-sharing.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too lax.
Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even.
Some 5,000 tickets are issued in Powys, bringing in £1.2million a year.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12.
Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
Burberry ponchos have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
Famous names including Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the poncho.
Benjamin Netanyahu said Iran's agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb.
Thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in the easing of economic restrictions.
But Israel, which fears an Iranian nuclear attack, issued a series of dire warnings.
Other critics including Saudi Arabia and Republicans in the US say the deal leaves scope for Iran to cheat.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
The revelations came in another disappointing performance by Miss Bennett.
Phil Jones hopes Manchester United 'turn up and play their football'
United host their 'noisy neighbours' at Old Trafford on Sunday.
It is the first time since November 23, 2013 that the Red Devils are ahead of City in the Premier League table after having played the same number of matches in a campaign.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
The trick works because the water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust.
Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
Eden Hazard is the favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has been nominated.
Jamie Carragher says John Terry told his squad not to vote for De Gea or Kane.
Click here for more PFA news.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
The Belgian defender has attracted interest from Manchester City and Tottenham.
Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won the box office crown for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $29.1 million.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Furious 7 is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks.
Thief posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church.
He took one bag and tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags.
Police have released an e-fit and CCTV footage of the thief.
They are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years.
He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
His special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
McDonalds hailed the great-grandfather as 'a real asset' to the team.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
They came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire.
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean.
The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
Experts say the procedure should only be carried out when'medically necessary'
They say this figure should ideally be between 10% and 15%.
Mike Brown pulled out of Harlequins' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens.
Northampton wing George North has been advised not to play again.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
Brown is determined not to suffer an extended break.
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title by four shots on Sunday.
The 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat Rose and Phil Mickelson.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a closing 66.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.
He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor.
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
The Welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for the Champions League semi-final on May 5-6.
Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Two armed robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door.
Police are now appealing for the public to help identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books.
It was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows American audience.
Historian Lucy Worsley has previously questioned the authenticity of some aspects of the programme.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third in Malaysia.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists his team will keep calm and carry on.
Hamilton heads to Shanghai having won the Chinese Grand Prix last year.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take.
The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid aboard the PBM Kawasaki.
Laura Wells lived with'skinnier' models in New York ahead of Fashion Week.
She says agents told them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'
'It's completely unhealthy, not only for their body but mentally as well,' she said.
Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk.
Lawmakers also made it illegal to condone anorexia.
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup on Sunday.
Hugo Lloris is sidelined with a knee injury.
Mauricio Pochettino has praised Michel Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
The problem can also develop in apparently slim people with a normal BMI.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory.
He answered 10 starter questions in last round of BBC Two quiz show.
The Cambridge students beat Magdalen College, Oxford by 225 points.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
It's understood he penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for the good job that they did.
Woman forced elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand.
The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Despite the elderly man promising to pay her back, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses.
Scott Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion.
He wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Quigg's promoter Eddie Hearn offered the biggest cheque of his career.
The proposal was made live on television, with Frampton’s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
He said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
The 49-year-old said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold.
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club, in which gangsters organise mass brawls.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be deported from Newcastle.
The Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK.
3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Maarij's 10-year-old brother Saffat died of meningitis last month.
Gareth Silk, Gareth Edwards, Steven Harvey Taylor, Michael Groves, dad Andrew Silk and David Rowles were inspired by Money Supermarket advert.
The group of six descended on the promenade of Benidorm, Spain.
They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts.
Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co.
Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley of Everton have attracted City's interest.
Pellegrino says he is sure the Academy will produce players worthy of his side.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
She already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole.
Policing blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to cope.
They include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia aged 13.
She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat 100 calories a day.
Her body started to shut down after she collapsed at her family home.
Laura has spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
L'Ardéchoise site in the Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park.
It's a quiet, well-established, family friendly site nestled on the banks of the Ardeche river.
The big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and 'rapids' section that kept them amused for hours.
Tiger Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
The former best player in the world arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game.
Woods is on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech.
He warned that thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin.
But if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay, he said.
Homosexuality is punishable by death in Iran.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
Oscar put the Gunners ahead in the first half.
David Ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty.
Arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game.
Ellen Gallant was on Mount Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
She and an Indian doctor rushed to help the injured in difficult conditions.
But there was nothing they could do to save a 25-year-old Sherpa who died.
The avalanche killed 18 people including four Americans who were buried under the snow.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster.
A suicide bomber attacked the convoy before militants opened fire.
A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah in the Anbar province yesterday.
Fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of Ramadi, where the government had been making slow progress.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The Sussex wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler.
Head coach Mark Robinson has warned Prior is out 'indefinitely'
Prior admitted he could have played his last game for England.
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.
The family consisted of a black mother and a white father.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years.
She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches.
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley.
Temperatures reached 25C in some parts of the UK on hottest day of the year.
Workers said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving.
Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week.
Donations between 2001 and 2015 showed governments and agencies from 16 nations previously gave direct grants of between $55 million and $130 million.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series.
He asked Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
Many people threw strange sideways glances at the man, trying to understand what he was saying.
One man in Austin, Texas was convinced Murray said 'Get out of my nightgown'
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
The centre back was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho is set to miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa on April 19.
Spain lost 5-1 to Holland in a friendly at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday.
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for Guus Hiddink's side.
Vicente del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes.
Del Bosque was impressed with the debuts of Juanmi and Vitolo.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
The Everton forward has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Naismith is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.
A group of eight-year-old children in New Jersey have written letters to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal, wishing that he will 'get better soon'
The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60 year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Abu-Jama was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy.
But this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in Orange, New Jersey, and another from high school students
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of them guessed right, making the difference more obvious.
The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program.
Fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away.
Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream for the two to share.
This after Fallon pointed out some of his brash behavior in the past, and even compared him to The Hulk.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in Miami.
Isner is the first American to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half to help Crystal Palace to victory.
The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray.
Alan Pardew had his revenge after being beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in Dublin.
The England No 10's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Leinster winger Fergus McFadden was taken off the field with a concussion sustained in a tackle from Kyle Eastmond.
Olivier Rousteing chose Kim and Kanye for Balmain campaign.
The 29-year-old creative director says they'represent a family for the new world'
He says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody modern family.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned the driver's behaviour.
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The SFA immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed.
They altered the rules.
Ruling body believes the Scottish players’ union has become too far reaching.
Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights after a drone was reported buzzing around the area.
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) could collide with a passenger jet.
Police continue to investigate the report of the sighting.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent Easter holiday with family and friends.
She has previously holidayed with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
He left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand's image in the United States and China.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest.
The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip.
The father-of-two smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video in which he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex'
Ian Merrett, 28, was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling Poppy Smart, 23.
The marketing co-ordinator said he whistled at her every day for a month.
But he has now said she should take it as a compliment, which he says has helped him'snog loads of girls' in the past.
Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for unprovoked attack on a train.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
However, Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier.
Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving.
The culmination of three days of events marking the milestone.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies.
Stars will also perform at a 1940s-themed concert held on Horse Guards Parade in London in the evening.
Khloe, 30, has shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles.
She recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors.
It’s previously only been possible to convert between 30 and 60 per cent of plant sugar into hydrogen, by using industrial catalysts or fermenting techniques.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Dark chocolate is particularly toxic, causing canine kidneys to fail.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her noisy neighbours.
She dropped a thank-you letter and gifts over the fence to them.
But after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page.
'I'm impressed by the lengths you went to creatively to get your point across and even more by the audience it reached,' he said.
He went onto apologise for the'music festivals and comedy galas' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery, that Gr
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
The Dutchman has been revelation in his first season in English football.
Only a point is needed to break the record Premier League points tally set last season.
Koeman is unlikely to receive a particularly warm welcome at St Mary's.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden, stayed at the family-run hotel.
They thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
But it didn’t live up to its billing and it didn't match the photos they saw online.
The pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever.
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
He casually informs the family that he's the No. 1 junior golfer in the country.
Frank Knight posted an apology on his Facebook account last week.
The 67-year-old is being sued by the Oyston family over allegations he made on his social network account last year.
Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
The England winger has attracted interest from Manchester City and Liverpool.
Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers views Walcott as a potential replacement for Raheem Sterling.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family.
Their son Floyd-Henry has Achondroplasia, which means he will be 'a shorty- a little man, a little legend'
The Morleys released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales.
The 24-year-old was charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
He was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
His identical twin brother, who moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013, settled in South Australia.
Mr Scanlan confirmed on Friday that photographs of Stanford's twin that had circulated in the media were correct.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending.
Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, it is claimed.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
The Liverpool super-middleweight is set to meet one of boxing's biggest talents.
Smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to Arthur Abraham.
Ward defeated Carl Froch in 2011 and could be set for a rematch.
Ards Borough Council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale'
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before dancing.
Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year.
A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff.
The council recouped £1,920 of the £7,280.85 costs from deposits from workers.
Members of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen.
They freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders Khalid Batarfi.
The advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth.
Despite the clash, the Duke plans to do 'everything he can' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph.
The Duke committed to being present at the commemorations in February and, according to aides, plans to play things by ear.
Starbucks announced Friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the US and Canada has now been resolved.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Novak Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after losing to Andy Murray.
The Serbian player grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught in the crossfire.
Djokovic posted a message on his Facebook page apologising to the youngster and his parents.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big.
After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Currently trying to sell off the home is Indiana-born, Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening.
Robert De Niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
He said if Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'
The Goodfellas star said she had 'paid her dues' and insisted the Democrat has 'earned the right to be head of this country'
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He claims he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013.
Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues.
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds.
Norway's Kristoff beat off competition from Holland's Niki Terpstra.
Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position with Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara missing through injury.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, woke up after a party to find his friend had tattooed his back.
Rob Gaskell, also 24, was taking revenge on his mate after Josh had attempted to tattoo Rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong.
The pair are now getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games.
They fear there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
Cambridge supporter Simon Dobbin, 42, remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after an away game to Southend on March 21.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale.
The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn, Bolton, Preston, Bradford, West Bromwich, Birmingham, Leamington Spa and three in London.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku.
Everton striker Lukaku has struggled to find his form in the first half of the season after the World Cup.
Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince Lukaku to take it easy.
A Northern Territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning.
The mother of-four said she loves the clouds and often photographs them, but she's never come across one shaped like this.
Last June, a 48-year-old nature photographer captured another famous penis cloud which made waves online.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
It is expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 came in second with 81.01% of the vote.
Fiat Panda Mk2 came in at 81.49% and Passat Mk7 (82.79%)
Three designs by German manufacturer Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, Mexico, last week.
She is now back with her real family after a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Garcia claims she found Alondra after she traveled to Mexico in search of her daughter who was illegally taken from Texas by her father in 2007 at age four.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put her on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Garcia.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
Hamill was 'cleared' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer, which debuted on Thursday during the Celebration kick-off panel.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down.
His family called Royal Darwin Hospital.
There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm.
Duchess of Cambridge due to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
But due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week.
Sources say doctors have already spoken to Kate about possibility of being induced.
Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in July 2013.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Money Man v PacMan will depend on what happens in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier fought in 1975 for the Thrilla in Manila.
Ali was forced to lower his guard as they landed more than 100 blows to the head between them.
Cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades.
Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane delivered a team talk during Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa.
Danny Higginbotham described the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'
The Republic of Ireland assistant manager is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff.
Proton Partners International Ltd is set to open three proton beam therapy centres.
The centres will be available to NHS cancer patients in Cardiff, London and Northumberland.
Ashya King, five, was given the 'all-clear' after receiving treatment in Prague.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled to Spain after taking their son out of hospital without doctors' consent.
Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011.
Nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014, according to Freedom of Information request.
But number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Air Malta passenger jet took the unusual flight path over the Mediterranean.
The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast.
It was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary.
It divided opinion with viewers accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Residents have slammed the face lift saying the estate will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits after watching the show.
Duffel bag containing human remains found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Suspect, who will not be identified, taken into custody on Monday.
They have not been charged with homicide, but are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury'
It comes as more human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex on 6th Street, across the road from where bag was found.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December.
The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
It caused police systems to be down between four and five days.
Police Chief Timothy Sheehan said: 'It made you feel that you lost control of everything. Paying the Bitcoin ransom was the last resort'
Workers in China have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet up a mountain side in Pingjiang County, Hunan province.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
They are pictured perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the mountainside to extend the road.
Chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Judges order parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden.
They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her long-term boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him,' Jahnae told Daily Mail Australia.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately fundraising for a week and finally reaching his goal.
Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo will try to remove 95 per
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs in his hometown of Bengaluru.
The palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
But his wife says he has now run out of blood pressure medication.
She claims guards 'don't care' and has paid £9,000 for lawyer Naseer Hashem.
Couple were arrested in February over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma.
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
In addition
Tom Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic.
The Swansea midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks.
Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea during his season-long loan spell from Tottenham.
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple.
They rented a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February.
While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels, ladders, and power drills.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for poor attendance because of her Leukemia.
Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance.
Rose's mother Barbara McGrath was just as heartbroken to hear the news and said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, that her recovery will take some time.
The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Players can only access their own suite by a finger recognition system fitted on the door.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections.
Much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional, including the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers.
But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats.
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX.
But there was one notable absence from the squad who visited.
Quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen at the visit.
A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area.
He claimed he needed a toilet break while en route to a court in Hyderabad.
But another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
The five men were all killed in the shooting, while just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died after falling down stairs.
She tried to grab hold of Mr Wood, who had also tripped, but slipped herself.
Their bodies were found by paramedics in the hallway of their home.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious but believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show.
The 66-year-old blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.
Gambaccini said: 'It is no wonder the Chart Show is a complete failure'
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously.
He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause.
Mr Balls confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, was stationed at Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying.
Cheryl's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko slammed his patrol car into Mario Valencia.
The 36-year-old allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air.
But in apparent defiance of his advice, Rapiejo drove straight toward him.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying.
Colin, who has autism, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry.
He pleaded with the Star Wars creator to make a change to the rules.
Jordan Henderson is seeking a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The club's vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but is yet to sign an extension.
Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004.
'He likes to sort of tell these grandiose tales... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality,' one executive told the publication.
Rotherham council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates.
Former chief boss Martin Kimber left in December after grooming scandal.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday.
He joked everyone should back his team - but named West Ham instead.
Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
It later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report.
FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season.
The final of the European Challenge Cup is now tantalisingly within reach for Alan Solomons' side after their heroic quarter-final triumph over London Irish.
Only Newport Gwent Dragons stand in their way in what will be a tough semi-final at BT Murrayfield in a fortnight.
Danny Willett shot a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta.
The 27-year-old Englishman is playing in his first Masters.
Willett was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his way.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have launched their own production company.
The Doll House Collective will collaborate on films and provide financial support.
Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women.
They liken it to the female equivalent of Blue-Tongue Films.
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha.
But when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it.
Border Force refused to return it because it did not have endangered species permit.
Now, she has been handed victory by a tribunal judge at the Royal Courts of Justice.
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in Bundesliga clash.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent.
At same time price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients'
Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
The artist has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'
The Productivity Commission has suggested that extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage.
Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
Lawrence Phillips, 39, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in Los Angeles.
On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier.
He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos.
Sivkov said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the borders or Russia'
He cited Hurricane Katrina's impact on New Orleans and says that detonating nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean would create waves almost a mile high.
The military man says that all the seismic activity could release another wave that would wipe out the US's European allies.
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
They had sent in applications for traditional first-year slots, but were delighted.
But after reading congratulations notices, they realized they would have to take online classes for a year.
Classes are part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment.
It aims to accommodate a higher number of students at flagship university.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
The images have not yet revealed what the mystery 'bright spots' on the surface of the world are, which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
Republican real-estate lawyer hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday.
Hutchinson is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said.
The unusual move means Hutchinson doesn't risk a veto-override in the state legislature.
Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games.
The decision to ban Hardy follows a two-month NFL investigation.
Hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder, and threatening to kill her.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter.
They accuse the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash' over Lord Janner.
The CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting him.
At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences.
Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home.
The multi-millionaire, 72, is one of Britain's richest men thanks to the Vestey family's estimated £750million fortune through the family meat business.
Despite being encouraged to use a riding helmet in the past the Queen has reportedly never worn one because of her hair.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck.
Across all age groups, 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
Robot was designed to be an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week randomly purchasing items offered for sale on the deep web.
The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, Switzerland.
Items it bought included trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys and a DVD case containing 10 ecstasy tablets.
Police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased.
Tests on the tablets later revealed they contained 90mg of the class-A drug MDMA,
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light last weekend.
Costel Pantilimon was a Premier League winner with Manchester City in 2012 and again last season.
The Romanian stopper admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road.
Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza.
Esparza and Van allegedly entered into a sham marriage before Van's original arrest for the crime.
Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
It shows the youngster named Jazmine approaching its mother Rozie.
With its front left leg already placed on its mother’s neck, the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory.
Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues.
A $250 (£168) device called Neurio claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines.
This allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.
Neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app, where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by the likely appointment of Michael Vaughan in the new ECB director of cricket role created following the sacking of Paul Downton.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside.
The suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city.
He said he had no idea the parts were stolen, even though they were being sold at a discount and didn't come with a receipt or bill of sale.
The first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry in the 90s.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Three times the Arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at around 10am.
The cruise liner said that boarding is expected to commence at 2.30pm for their modified 7-day Isle de Pines vacation, with plans to set sail by 7pm.
Photographer Seth Casteel created his new book, Underwater Babies, after hearing of the shocking statistics of the numbers of children that drown.
He photographed around 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create the book, which will be released on April 7.
Casteel hopes to use the adorable photos of babies like 4 1/2 month old Michael to promote water safety for toddlers.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Martin Skrtel missed the trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban.
Olivier Giroud is in excellent form this season.
Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace him.
Per Mertesacker is expected to line-up in defence for Arsenal.
The eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation in Gdansk, Poland.
Archaeologists believe it was dropped by someone in the toilet.
The artifact has now been taken away for preservation work.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Russia allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18.
Clinton's video not only features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, but talking about their up-coming wedding.
EasyJet is France’s second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over two days.
It launched ‘rescue flights’ to repatriate holidaymakers and children stranded abroad.
Ryanair cancelled 500 flights while British Airways and Flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each.
There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January.
Now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
His trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine the new evidence.
Vanessa Santillan, 33, was found strangled and beaten to death last month.
Her body was found in a flat in Fulham, south west London.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death.
Scotland Yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with her.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
The Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former manager Howard Wilkinson.
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents believe Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be executed.
The 21-year-old is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Last week prosecutors described him as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent of Massachusetts residents believed he should be put to death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm.
All funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather and Pacquio.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets.
He allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her.
The woman, now 27, said he called her a'sweet woman' and locked the doors.
She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to their already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Charlene, 37, presented Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award.
Presented the award at the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation event in Monte Carlo.
Djokovic was presented with the award by Laureus.
Charlene is a mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in Limerick.
The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio in his undefeated record.
Quillin has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy.
The Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011.
Terry retired from international football in September 2012.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week.
The 72-year-old had been at the club for almost 40 years.
Pep Guardiola was unhappy with Bayern's recovery rates for injured players.
He blamed a lengthening injury list for Bayern's Champions' League defeat.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season.
Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The hotel is a faux-gothic Victorian castle and may look too faux to European eyes, but the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Timothy Crook is accused of murdering his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He is said to have driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them.
But the grey Nissan Micra he's accused of using has been lost, court told.
Prosecutor Sarah Jones said blunder could have forensic consequences.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'
Only 30 per cent of people in the UK consider themselves religious.
This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent atheists.
China, Japan, Sweden, Czech Republic and Czech Republic top list.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan.
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest.
Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Romelu Lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola.
Raiola said Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier.
Roberto Martinez has dismissed the claims.
Lukaku signed a five-year contract at Goodison Park so will have four years remaining after this summer.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without a booking.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was riding Merrion Square in the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday.
The 18-year-old collided with the fence with such force that he pivots.
Ferguson managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.
Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters on Wednesday.
The Northern Irish golfer is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston in September.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
Raheem Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week.
England winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers.
Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park on Saturday.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Bath fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, went missing on October 26 while dressed as Poison Ivy.
Her body was found on a 13-acre private property near train tracks.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
Bruck was last seen wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig.
Police say evidence indicates it was a homicide, although a cause of death remains inconclusive.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005.
Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, his lawyers claim.
But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Mr Morgan was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
But Mr Tsipas insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He insisted Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in opening rubber.
Russia need one win from Sunday's three matches to reach final.
Hermann Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief.
He plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him.
She claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National.
The 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle.
Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Kevin Morton gave Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet when he was feeling unwell.
Teenager was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Morton, 49, could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
Southwest Airlines threw a surprise wedding shower for a long-distance couple at Baltimore-Washington International Airport.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce is now urging would-be donors to help more teachers and students through fundraising website DonorsChoose.org.
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Pep Guardiola's contract at Bayern Munich expires at the end of the season.
Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
City are in fourth place in the Premier League table.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £15m move to Old Trafford at the end of the season.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a United player.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton.
Hamilton also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Krueger, the photo editor at the University of Kentucky newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest.
David Alaba has had his cast removed following knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed.
Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in August 2013.
The woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at his rental home.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike.
The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Xiao Ying, 17, was found by a cleaner in a shoe factory in Wenzhou City.
She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw blood.
When they found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies.
Pulis said he would never take his cap off during a game.
Abbey Clancy, 29, joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27.
Clancy, mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia, says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer.
The campaign has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research funding.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.
Poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday.
The Internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% considering quitting altogether.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries.
Hull City lost 2-0 to Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the drop zone.
Bruce is confident he can keep them in the Premier League.
Josh Meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
It was found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) and believed the operation would help cure him.
In a letter to his lawyer K claimed he had healed the patient by removing his 'poisonous' teeth.
But in court K said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S, who lived in woods and only ate raw foods, had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole during the breakaway.
Gary Cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting Kurt Zouma for his place in Chelsea's defence.
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has kept six clean sheets since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa.
Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes.
More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea.
The Stoke City midfielder scored from inside his own half.
David Beckham scored the final goal against Wimbledon in 1996.
Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but lost the game.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.
She was interviewed by STV's Debi Edward for the special TV programme set to be aired in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight.
The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag.
She was charged with attempting to illegally transport money out of Pakistan.
The supermodel has been in a Rawalpindi prison since March 14.
Her lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
This difference may seem slight but it suggests the next model could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range.
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors on Tuesday.
He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook.
Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday.
In addition to 300 new emojis, including the much-anticipated 'racially diverse' people icons, Apple also rolled out Wi
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of NBC
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
The Bavarians are without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
Pep Guardiola is also without Holger Badstuber and Philipp Lahm.
Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta on Friday to watch Tiger Woods play.
Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
The 14-time major winner is 12 strokes behind leader Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
He said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him: 'absolutely sick to my stomach'
This comes as Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Father-of-one Szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis.
Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex.
The 24-year-old feared he would never be able to have more children.
He said: 'Every day is difficult for me as it's very painful and bleeding'
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London.
His first work, The Lodger, was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper.
The Hitchcocks bought a house in Bel Air and an 85-acre ranch in Santa Cruz.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah wed in Brunei's capital Bandar Seri Begawan yesterday.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
Celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Florida at 4.10 ET today.
It was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform.
The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011.
Michael Owen scored a 96 minute winner to send United through to the Carling Cup final at Wembley.
Robin van Persie's late free-kick put United six points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern team.
Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind.
'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
The list of the killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who poisoned as many as 60 patients in a variety of different hospitals for over two decades.
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the Muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Bibi's brother, Muhammad Azam, said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
The jump came after the internet watchdog was told that it could proactively seek out abusive content online, in order to shut it down.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said Ed Miliband has been 'kicked around' by Tories.
She called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' after polls suggest no majority.
Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7.
SNP have soared in polls to a record 54 per cent - while Labour have seen their support cut in half since 2010.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
Mohammed Mohsen captures the orange cloud getting thicker as it disperses and engulfs the road.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier.
The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges.
HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers.
Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Edward Snowden admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ.
Former US spy admitted there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda.
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win.
Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction.
Calf in northern India has five mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf.
The strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders.
But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
In India's Hindu culture, cows are revered as a symbol of life.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future.
It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Female educators who sexually abuse their students are facing tougher prosecution in part because there are more women police officers.
There is also a greater awareness among prosecutors, judges and the general public that students who are victimized by an authority figure, regardless of gender, experience trauma with life-long consequences.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a large pond in Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
David and Samantha Cameron pictured at breakfast with their three children.
PM blundered into row after admitting he did not want a third term as PM.
But ITV show showed them teasing him after he appeared to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday.
The pair had to be pulled apart during the traditional staredown.
VanZant is only 21 and has just five professional fights to her name.
The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother secretly gave birth in the bathroom.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning.
Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25.
Brook Lopez had 24 points and 11 rebounds for Nets.
Atlanta Hawks lose to Detroit 105-95.
Aaron Tate, 29, is accused of leaving his three-month-old daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald's and then driving away.
Police say Aaron Jaajaa, 22, refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby'
Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old.
She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
Ms English's story was not about finding her mother but finding 'peace with her mother land'
$40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
The wrinkle preventing version is 'therapeutic and extra-smooth'
No video captured what happened to Freddie Gray inside the police van where officers heaved him into a metal compartment after pinning him to a sidewalk.
The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed.
Gray was not handcuffed and put in leg irons, but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station, a police union's lawyer said.
Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons'
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up.
Sterling has been linked with a £50million move to the Etihad.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies.
The incident took place outside Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsit being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
He and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers, describing them as 'the slave traders of the 21st century'
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Officials rejected asylum claims of 46 Vietnamese aboard an Australian navy vessel before the group was handed back to Vietnam last week.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
Manchester United have won five of their last seven Premier League games.
Juan Mata says his side must look at every game as a 'final'
United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the Easter Road side.
Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
The unnamed woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
The man, also from Japan, Tweeted the pics to his account.
Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, shared photos of her post-childbirth body.
She suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace.
The mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'
She said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The 31-year-old has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill.
South Africa Test captain Amla will begin his short stint at home to Northamptonshire on May 10.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas, in 2011.
During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Police falsely reported Talib had been arrested for throwing bottles last June during an NFL camp afterparty.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body.
They asked him what his religion was and then, when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him.
Nuaman tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire.
Three weeks ago in Pakistan, in the country’s Sheikhupura District, a 17-year-old Christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack.
Royal Mail to issue stamps marking 200 years since birth of Anthony Trollope.
The Victorian novelist introduced post boxes to the UK in 1850s.
Post boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message.
He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality.
De Blasio said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
It is the second time in two months fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
Last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down by a Russian submarine while fishing off the Scottish coast.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
Forecasters predict temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday.
Sir David Nicholson warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of NHS.
Claims politicians are talking about spending more money rather than addressing existing funding gaps.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash.
Ed Miliband has refused to sign the NHS's five-year plan.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights.
As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton faced five stranded residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day.
The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service.
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn't lived up to Princess Diana's reputation.
The 75-year-old said duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes.
But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
They say more action is needed to tackle 'continuing problem' of 'hazardous alcohol consumption in young people'
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth.
He instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
So far, a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mother's have been given the colourful makeovers at the centre.
Authorities drove naked bodies of alleged terrorists around Garissa.
Comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, rescued after siege.
She spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive.
Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair.
She monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
The mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband, she doesn’t want any other woman to have him either.
Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her death certificate was signed by her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
He was charged with the murder of the nursing student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17.
Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month.
Princess Beatrice, 26, was partying at Shoreditch House last night.
She was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, and looked glamorous in leather dress.
Joseph A-line dress is a classic and chic alternative to a basic LBD.
Erica Kinsman filed lawsuit two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
She claims Winston assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
The hearing was held to determine whether Winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season.
Carlo Ancelotti's side will face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Hierro won the UEFA Champions League three times as captain during his time at Real.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she stole £5,000.
She drained up to £300 a day from disabled victims' accounts.
Police discovered she had stolen more than £5k from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities.
Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months today.
'Kate effect' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine.
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years.
Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 coat with faux pearl buttons.
Kate wore the Natasha coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their bra.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.
He is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing, police said.
The white male suspect was captured on camera inside the bank.
Chris Brugger's treatment for Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Brentuximab Vedotin, has improved his condition dramatically.
The 35-year-old's 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment.
It can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS)
The Brugger family argue that it also reinforces why it is essential to get the treatment on the PBS.
'My Name is Chris' was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday.
The Brit beat Sebastian Vettel by four tenths of a second at Sakhir.
Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths.
Rosberg shook Hamilton’s hand afterwards but kept his helmet on for longer than usual at the end of the session.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their mother's home in Australia in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The girls were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mother every night.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since internet.
This was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times in 1990.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said people check their emails 'all the time'
Barcelona defeated PSG 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored the goals for Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta.
She whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women.
Mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating it.
Swindon Council is taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading.
The One Direction star was seen partying with five girls at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
He appeared to be rolling a joint while sitting next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.
A series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous party have emerged, appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room.
One of them jokes that they aren't sure which member of One Direction he is.
Guernsey's only five-star hotel would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere during the German occupation of the Channel Islands.
The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival (3 April–11 May) is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm.
He is accused of attacking Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69.
Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and Mr Phillips two fractured vertebrae.
The couple were on board the Thomson Celebration liner off Lanzarote when it is claimed they were viciously attacked.
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover.
From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities.
Mail Online Travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport.
While firearms are prohibited, hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
He pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick.
Patrick spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis, on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell, but says he is lying about his story
50 earthquake scientists from the world met in Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
But experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries.
Martin Odegaard has been dropped by Real Madrid's B-team Castilla.
The 16-year-old was signed in January for £2.3m from Stromsgodset.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
If Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
Its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
A four-bedroom detached bungalow with a huge garden in the New Forest town of Holbury is also for sale for £350,000.
Jack Grealish is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
The 19-year-old starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool.
Tim Sherwood has been impressed with the Villa youngster.
But Sherwood wants Greal to concentrate on his Aston Villa career.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university.
The person was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to police.
Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga at the Bernabeu.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals and Karim Benzema scored two.
Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secured victory.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' victim's mother Kathleen Tapia said at the sentencing.
The former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.
Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
The Net Boat Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a hero in the Yuan Dynasty who successfully eliminated pests during a massive drought.
New model combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office.
From this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the North Sea warms.
As a result UK fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water such as red mullet and John dory.
Nicola Adams is preparing to return to the ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
The 32-year-old Adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
Adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in Liverpool.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord.
Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary.
Police are waiting for forensic tests to confirm she was sexually assaulted.
They say she was suffocated but are unsure how many men attacked her.
A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
Chilesaurus diegosuarezi is a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.
These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Smokey Da Lamb was adopted by Manhattan restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24.
City officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
The young lamb has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment.
He is bottle-fed three times a day and needs to be burped like a baby after he has had his formula.
Plan to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039.
Plan could fit within NASA's human space exploration budget.
Panel said current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down.
Neil Killham made the shepherds pie-trifle combination 16 years ago.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles.
The mancunian posted a picture of his clashing ingredients on Twitter.
He said: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends'
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife, Michelle, 39, into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a'safe house' because he was involved in a fraud trial.
In reality, the former soldier was living a double life, romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge – where people are filmed being drenched in cold water for charity.
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints, and they're all available to purchase.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal.
Described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
Said he would go out and collect things, including 'pot lids and bottles'
Also discussed his battle with testicular cancer and plans to go on and on.
The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today.
Kate Winslet, 39, is an Oscar-winning actress who loves a strappy stiletto.
Her co-star Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her feet hilarious.
The Queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at the Queen's residence.
He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital.
Prince Edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick before being driven away.
Buckingham Palace said today that he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
Czech immigrants lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs'
They were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter.
Workers kept under duress amid fears for safety of families back home.
But made to give over all wages, eat outside and do housework, jury told.
Ruzena Tancosova, brother Petr, Nela Dzurkova and Katerina Kurejova all deny charges.
Police say victims would be threatened with violence if they failed to comply.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Gary Neville said the champions have a'mentality problem'
The former Manchester United and England defender said City are 'falling well short of where they should be'
Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says BVA.
Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
It comes after Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the Tories win the election.
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to take 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park.
The move was made after TV scheduling made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress.
Attended LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala at Goldsmiths' Hall.
Wore £560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about Rogue One at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
Rogue One is set between the third and fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
England international has been abused by his own fans over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week.
Sterling is one of Europe's most sought after young players.
Kim Richards stormed out of an interview with Dr Phil McGraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
She was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were caught on CCTV stamping 18 times.
Their victim James Wormald was left with severe bruising to his face.
Both men were cleared by a jury of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm.
Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.
The first hour-long tour through the NGA's current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', took place on Wednesday night.
The tour guide for the retrospective, which highlights the 70-year-old American artist's 50 years of work, said the experience creates an 'educational state'
'It's all about education through experience. Witnessing everyone take their clothes off and leave them in a pile is really quite profound,' said Stuart Ringholt.
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season.
City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions.
Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference.
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would have spread and become terminal.
Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh.
She is taking three months off to recuperate.
Tim Sherwood's team were set to drop into the bottom three.
Charlie Austin had scored late on for QPR.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to seal a point at Villa Park.
The point lifts QPR above Burnley to 18th on goal difference.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City.
But the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer.
Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the club will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge.
Men won for the third time running in the 161st race.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley.
Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them.
The two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande.
One of the men described the experience as 'a bit nerve racking' while another man can be heard saying: 'I don't think this is such a brilliant f*****g idea you know'
The documentary Lair of the Megashark was screened on the Discovery Channel last year during Shark Week.
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night.
Leslie Cooper, 36, has been charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Another man has been arrested over his death at the community centre.
Police also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61.
Edinson Cavani is under contract at Paris Saint-Germain.
Manchester United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
The 28-year-old's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda currently has a year left on his contract.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University researchers asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
But, as the results show, this national number glosses over the geographic diversity.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final.
The fly-half has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury against Clermont Auvergne in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with the injury.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
Only 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
He will describe how he gained admission to medical school in 1998 by transforming his appearance.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36.
Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to training.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Rooney didn't look best pleased with the photographer as he scowled at his picture being taken.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 0-0 in the German Cup quarter-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
The Spaniard followed through with a kick into the chest of Leverkusener's Stefan Kiessling.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic's effort from the spot.
Pep Guardiola's side are the far away leader in the Bundesliga.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was ambushed and shot three times.
A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Hazeltine is in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital.
Rodrigo Gularte was shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia on Wednesday morning.
The 42-year-old asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island.
He and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
For years his family pleaded for clemency on the basis of his mental illness.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Banda, who uses cannabis oil to treat Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
It reflects a shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final.
The Atletico boss has been a key figure in the club's success.
Simeone was shown a red card for lashing out at David Beckham during the 1998 World Cup knock-out match between England and Argentina.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing and looking less than impressed.
But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she didn't think much about it.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did'
Sexism campaigners have called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish'
But Siying said she did not think too much about the incident and was doing her job.
Stephanie Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
The 26-year-old teacher from Leeton High School is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace on April 5.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
Family, friends, students and even strangers will remember the brunette at 'Eat Your Greens' function centre - the location where she had planned to celebrate her
Company linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
Study found 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
The majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
The 23-year-old has picked up 24 separate injuries during his career.
Arsenal are now ahead of City in the Premier League table.
Wilshere's effort against Norwich was voted the 2013-14 Premier League Goal of the Season.
Kyle Major, 14, killed Paul Walker, 52, in the early hours of New Year's Day.
He followed his victim and felled him from behind with a punch to the head.
Mr Walker was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground.
Major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was jailed for three years.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, and Ian Bullock, 65, devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Chairman David Sharpe said the appointment was part of a long-term strategy.
Floyd Mayweather has invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
The 38-year-old pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked.
Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Arena in Las Vegas.
English chef Gordon Ramsay has been offered ringside seats in exchange for cooking.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
It has been an enormous success.
His family are 'over the moon' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
Thousands of people donated more than $95,000 in just over a week.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online.
The 27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Mr Meldik, 31, cried and screamed as he tried to free himself, before he eventually ripped himself off the chair.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand.
The art detective is no stranger to high profile cases – having been central to recovery of a £1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid Munich flat in 2012.
Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the French Alps.
He was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19.
It is thought he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff.
His family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation'
They described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in Manchester's Northern Quarter.
He asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept.
Judge banned him from area, where each of his terrified victims lived, for five years.
Hall has 45 offences on record for dishonesty, violence and breaches.
Charmain Speirs, 41, was allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana.
Her body was found face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
His defence lawyer has claimed she was a habitual heroin user.
But Ms Speirs's brother Paul said it was 'an outrageous lie' to say his family were addicts.
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'
One Direction star Niall Horan has also described Bloomfield as a'super great guy and great commentator'
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, is one of Britain's most successful models.
Has been modelling for a year but has built a lucrative full-time career.
She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
Justin Welby will say in Easter sermon that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths'
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign.
on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida.
Retired pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is also expected to announce his candidacy on May 4 in Detroit.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
Jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have carried across the Turkish border into Syria.
Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq.
But the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed, with Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edger Evans and Henry Bowers.
The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition, wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of Beardmore Glacier.
Oscar has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
The Chelsea forward also scored in Brazil's 3-1 victory against France.
Oscar could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in Turin next season.
Daisy, 26, stars in new Rodial beauty shoot.
Wears leather jacket and skinny black jeans.
Was chosen by brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem but Chris Smalling is a big doubt.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after shaking off a calf injury.
Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos could still miss out.
Aston Villa have won just one of the last 38 Premier League games against Manchester United (L27 D10 W1)
Hillary Clinton's most trusted – and most controversial – campaign aide turned up on Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa, where she sat for her second staged 'roundtable' discussion in as many days.
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday.
Tony Blair made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg.
But the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region.
It has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with burial mounds.
Washington couple's 3-year-old son had complained of someone talking to him at night.
Parents put it down to toddler's over-active imagination.
One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device.
Technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet.
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since.
Kristina takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits.
Giselle's favorite part of her Disney World visit is meeting her favorite characters.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with shoe designer Jimmy Choo.
The pair crossed paths at Nobu in Perth's Crown Casino.
Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces.
She opted for a pair of red and black kitten-heeled shoes.
Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece.
The Greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
A road rage incident caught on camera shows a man brutally beating an elderly truck driver on Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
The aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of the highway.
That is when Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
After counting the money at the station, the officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him - and to take a picture showing him
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
The 20-year-old was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Baby girl found face down in toilet bowl after her'mother gave birth in lavatory'
Baby April named April by staff at Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated.
Police released image of 6lb 9oz baby girl in pink playsuit as they sought to identify her mother.
Officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body.
In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover.
While male sacrifices were rare but not unheard of at the time, the set up in tomb is thought to be unique.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past.
It could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs.
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China.
Mr Song climbed out of passenger door and went to stand behind the car.
But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down and knocking him to the ground.
CCTV footage shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as passers-by rush over.
He later died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She was booked for resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
Surveillance footage shows she was grabbed by two officers and being taken to the ground head first.
But she lost consciousness, suffered four broken cheek bones, a split molar and a cracked front tooth, according to police report.
Her attorney John Scott said she was uncooperative and that he believes the excessive force was intentional
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
Images show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
The savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft.
It typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis who pump the men full of drugs to numb the limb before severing it from the victim's body.
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
As more people came, they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out, using grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags, a straw hat and even bare hands.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the road and
Liam Treadwell has been booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Crabbie's Grand National.
Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009.
Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity ISIS wants world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently.
They risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise.
The PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night before facing the La Liga giants at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull that the engine problems will be resolved.
Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull his teams out of Formula One.
Renault endured a Chinese Grand Prix to forget as Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it.
Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
Dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than the force of gravity - making the discovery of huge interest.
Supermarket chain alerted to possible fault in Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+.
Complaint said teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies.
Customers asked to either dispose of the products or return them to Asda.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.
The video titled, What Children Can Teach Us About Anger, is described as showing that 'you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go'
Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Scotland's new drink-drive law was enacted on December 5.
The limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg.
Surge in interest in non-alcoholic drinks and smaller glass sizes.
Hospitality industry leaders claim new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work.
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Some of the money allegedly went towards legal costs he built up.
Mote denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal will play Fabio Fognini or Andrey Rublev in Friday's quarter-finals.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
She made the comments after being confronted by her local party.
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched an investigation.
He has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son’s situation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time on Saturday.
Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club.
Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old.
She was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke City on Saturday.
If West Ham finish top they will earn a Europa League place.
Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, is feared to have drowned while on holiday in Laos.
The picture editor was on a cruise boat when it hit a rock and sank.
Her crew, tour guide and other passengers all swam to safety, but she disappeared.
Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found, but it has not yet been identified.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema's Real Madrid team-mate James Rodriguez has praised Carlo Ancelotti ahead of Real's Champions League clash with Atletico.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour.
She cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
The High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
QPR are 19th in the Premier League table, four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th.
Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February.
Ryan Dearnley will no longer be a mascot for Reading in FA Cup semi-final.
The 10-year-old said he hopes Arsenal beat Huddersfield in the third round.
Video of him backing the Gunners sparked outrage from Reading fans.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego.
She was partying with about 10 other backpackers in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
State Coroner Ian Gray will officially close it at a hearing in Melbourne on Thursday.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
Albert then tells them separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively.
For Albert to be 'certain' that Bernard doesn't know
Developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish Park Crescent West.
It will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million.
Developers want to replace the facade of the Grade I listed crescent.
Residents say years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Veteran peer Lord Janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence'
He was one of the most prominent Labour politicians and campaigners of his time.
He has fought tirelessly for the return of Jewish assets held in Swiss banks by the Nazis.
The Hobart International Airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport,' a police statement said.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California.
Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat.
Weber has said he flies 'at least twice a month'
He also still has his driver's license.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship.
The petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict'
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance.
The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs.
But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the Italian withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday.
Balotelli reported a temperature of 38.7C (101.66F) which is indeed above the normal body temperature of 37C (99.5F)
The Liverpool striker may also have felt hot, sweaty, thirsty, very uncomfortable and slightly hungry.
If body temperature reach 40C (104F), the person will be dehydrated and may suffer
Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals.
They were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle.
The 31-year-old will start the remaining seven matches of the season.
Gutierrez was the only player to emerge with any credit after Sunderland defeat.
It was Gutierrez’s first start for the Magpies in 20 months.
Camilla Parker-Bowles married Prince George in April 1994.
The 67-year-old has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family.
She is adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen.
Her success is due to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties.
A high heel can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches)
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from high to low, stiletto to chunky.
Tanya has worn a style from the collection 'every day of my life'
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday.
Four wickets would take him past Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Botham as England's top Test wicket taker.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Bosnia international has been one of the Premier League's most consistent keepers.
Mark Hughes has dismissed the latest reports linking him with the move.
The Stoke boss is also hopeful of signing Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's Josh Meekings appeared to handle the ball... he was charged retrospectively.
Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa, but Liverpool will miss him next season.
James Corden posted a picture with Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham.
The pair were pictured in America with Corden on Late Late in the States.
Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on Corden's Late Late Show last month.
Brooklyn is aiming to follow in his father's footsteps by becoming a footballer.
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington.
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit.
The announcement was made on the company's blog by Mary Ellen Smith.
Smith has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Gao Yu, 71, has been jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners'
She leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
The document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media and criticism of the party's historical record.
Gao is one of a number of prominent Chinese dissidents who have been detained, exiled or kept under house arrest in recent years.
Austin West, 4, died last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site.
The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from GofundMe.com, but West says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent
Dominique Granier suggested service for Roma in Montpellier, south of France.
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Some drivers have said the smell is a'sanitation risk' to everyone on board.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear.
But it is believed that minimum wage earners would be exempt from income tax.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £8.70 in October.
Labour's Ed Miliband has pledged to raise the level above £8 an hour.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
The dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive.
Doody has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear in court on May 19.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less.
And the moon is shown top left for scale.
Map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time, foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
Economists Olivier Marie and Ulf Zölitz studied the 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion.
Kim Rose, 57, accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls at party event.
He was never arrested or charged but questioned by police over 'treating'
Mr Rose, standing in Southampton Itchen, poked fun at accusations by taking in Jaffa Cakes.
But he emerged 30 minutes later and revealed officers refused to accept treats.
Claims he could be the first politician to win a seat based on sausage rolls.
Nigel Farage branded police investigation as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are singing about platitudes.
The 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements.
Blur released their first album in years this month.
Sevdet Besim, 14, from Blackburn, Lancashire, was arrested last weekend.
He is said to have incited an Australian teenager to behead him.
Besim is also alleged to have encouraged the 18-year-old to carry out another decapitation on a 'loner' in their own home.
The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by Stuart Broad.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two.
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop.
It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh.
Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' virginity.
She accompanied photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
Christianity is the dominant religion in Brazil, with Roman Catholics accounting for 64% of the population and Protestants making up 22%.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit.
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
Ms Vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together.
The Perth woman puts much of her progress down to her personality.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
Periscope allows people to live-stream video from their phones to their Twitter followers with the click of a button.
In the last 24 hours, Amanda has broadcast herself going on mundane errands, sitting in traffic in her Prius and a random chat with her neighbour.
Captain claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him in cockpit.
Air India says altercation was limited to verbal argument and there was no physical violence.
Indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident.
Damian Lewis says redhead stock is'very high' at the moment.
'This might be a unique moment in recent history: redheads everywhere are doing well,' said the Wolf Hall star.
The love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts and hair salons thanks to the fiery females in Game of Thrones.
Ed Sheeran uses his red mop top to cover up his 'non-existent' eyebrows.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike.
He was arrested more than 500 miles away on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing.
Stancil confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth'
Lane had worked at Wayne Community College in
Peggy Siegal said the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexico international broke down in tears after the goal.
Real want to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve.
Manchester United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
The wellness blogger was a prominent Australian social media personality.
Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she'revealed' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle.
But it all fell apart last month after revelations emerged Ms Gibson had failed to fulfil promised donations to various charities.
Brett Robinson, 33, faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
Allegedly let inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts.
Case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist.
The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room.
The Queen, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure.
She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Ben Affleck asked that information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his family history.
This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook, while also explaining his reasons for his decision.
Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since January.
The Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
Francis Pusok, 30, was seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon.
Two deputies catch up with him on foot and stun him with a Taser.
He falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee.
They stun him again, and again, before launching over to kick him.
By the end of the two minutes, there were eight deputies surrounding and beating him.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
While the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will not be stealing Bruce's spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs.
New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The various continents, sitting atop huge plates akin to jigsaw puzzle pieces sliding over Earth's mantle, have slowly moved around the globe during the planet's history.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago.
The bear, nicknamed Mishutka, may be a cute little cub right now, but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother.
He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'
The tragic fire at Valley Parade killed 56 people and injured at least 265 after it broke out during a Football League Third division match against Lincoln City on Saturday, May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to Britain's Sunday Times.
He has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city.
His financial information company has offices there, while he owns a $30million mansion.
In the past he has described London as his'second home'
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark but doctors didn't realise it was cutting off her air supply.
She was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Her parents Tanja and Steven, of Stockton-on-Tees, had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis - a common infection of the upper
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said FBI destroyed vital files.
He said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in FBI's history.
FBI disobeyed order not to do so from Congressional Committee set up to investigate killing of King and former President John F Kennedy.
Wexler says his research has left him suspecting that agents mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
The four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault – offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009.
She is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story,'
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
The club sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
The decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara was due to partner Lord Windermere in Grand National.
But he suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall at Wexford.
McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin.
Despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed.
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
European Commission said it warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups.
Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic was a bloody hero and had to be bandaged up midway through the second half.
Peter, 8, wrote a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler revealed.
The eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant.
Top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has had her dreams shattered.
Teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia.
The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen.
Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school.
He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face and trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees.
Boy's mother frantically tried to open door when keys were locked inside.
She grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police.
Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London.
It was the second hottest day of the year so far beaten by today's 23.6C.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following on-field injury.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder.
Former India captain Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
She was bedridden for five months and thought she was dying.
Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past.
The 50-year-old actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Robert isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning.
Naomi Campbell, Robert Pattinson and Peter Andre have all cut their chat time short.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Garcia is also comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the Open last year.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in jeans.
The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman has been spending time with his family in Lyon.
Gomis suffered the injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
One man is in a'serious condition', according to emergency services.
Three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital, police said.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
It has since been popularized by the horror movie The Omen.
It comes amid Jenkins' ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
Broad complained about the state of the Warner Park crease after rain.
The groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground.
For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign, Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
Dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script, created using the notes each of the women made about themselves, while they were all within earshot.
The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Police and forensic officers have been working at three houses not far from where Miss Lawrence lived in the Heworth area of York before she went missing six years ago.
A man, in his 50s, was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder but was later released on bail.
Miss Lawrence was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift
Sons and brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study found.
This is because the genes that make up the people we are and the environments in which we are raised cannot be considered independently of each other.
The study used a survey of 1,337 students aged 17 or 18 in Västmanland, Sweden, who anonymously completed questionnaires reporting on their behaviour.
One of the genes examined was Monoamine oxidase A (MAOA)
This gene is a key enzyme which breaks down and releases energy in brain neurotransmitters, such
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his car.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured.
Mr Mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife.
Meanwhile Mrs Mayhew began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
She rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
Teenager Li Hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil.
The 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par.
The video was filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia.
It shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at it.
The man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk.
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini on holiday.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
He has repeatedly apologised to Mr Tymon both in public and privately.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in Champions League quarter-final.
Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a'special relationship'
Gerard Pique says he has never seen a relationship like theirs.
The Barcelona centre back also took a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
One ship even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Data comes nine months after commander Sarah West was flown back to the UK following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew.
Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in Fraser National Park, central Victoria.
He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30am on Good Friday.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members, along with campers around the surrounding areas.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing.
But she doesn't believe he should be executed.
The 21-year-old was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line.
'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' Warren said.
Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday.
They were found covered in a green raincoat, each with a single bullet.
Friends went to the couple's villa in Xalo, near Benidorm, Spain.
Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there'
'They were in each other's arms like he was protecting her. I really don't want to think about it,' she said.
Andy Murray will marry girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the pair's wedding.
Murray has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day.
He has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions.
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.
Bath Rugby's George Ford came closest with an effort that skimmed the bar.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are 17th in the Premier League table.
The Foxes have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive match.
Andy King's late tap-in sealed victory for the first time since May 2000.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in the North African city of Tobruk.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945.
His son Mike Clark, 58, said: 'Without people like him Brent Council wouldn't exist'
More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Mr Clark to be allowed to stay in his house.
But despite his war record, the council insists he cannot be treated as a special case.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage.
But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after wife's Alzheimer's.
Couple moved to Bosbury from Droitwich, Worcestershire, in 2006.
In 2012 Mrs Knott starts complaining of memory loss and plans for a traveller camp were approved.
Mr Knott was concerned the camp would knock thousands off the value of his home.
He shot his wife Anne dead before turning the gun on himself, inquest told.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
The rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio apologized in December 2011 for the bungled cases, and his office has since taken steps to prevent the problem from happening again.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night with girlfriend Colleen Crowley.
This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Miniature Space is a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm.
Chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread before flattening them.
Then, using the palm of his hand, he gentle flattens the bread circles.
He then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry.
The Miniature Space videos are filmed in the bijou area.
The original 1959 Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia on Saturday.
Customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies.
At £4 each, they are not cheap and they are yet to catch on in the UK.
But they are all the rage in Europe and Pippa may have learned of their merits.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final against Falkirk.
Inverness defender was cleared to play on May 30 after his ban was dismissed.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded against Celtic.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 for £32million.
The Belgium star has had a standout season for the Blues.
Arsene Wenger says he has no regrets over the decision to pull out.
Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson uploaded a picture to Facebook yesterday in celebration of his birthday with this message: 'But really. I thank you Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday'
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said.
The 'tragedy' of California, Fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia'
'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' Fiorina said.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
The 23-year-old wanted to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.
She also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged.
Couple was detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini.
Wayne Rooney hails Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini has been instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
United travel to Chelsea this weekend in the Premier League.
Tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created.
He said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just 'on screens of the traders in the City of London'
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
No evidence of HAV or E.coli was found in re-tests of all batches of frozen berries that were not subject to the recall.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982.
Crowds across the country cheered for President Obama as he made multiple stops.
Obama also signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties.
Last night Secretary of State John Kerry met Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez in a Panama City hotel.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic.
It then smashed head-on into a car coming the other way.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio on Monday.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of raping her.
She was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate.
Robert Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’
In the short book, extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs, he writes: ‘The suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of Islam, because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population'
James Freedman, 49, has been teaching people how not to become victims of street crime.
He has also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the 'art' to actors.
Freedman shows how a folded newspaper can be used to steal a pair of sunglasses.
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish police have released pictures and information in the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him.
The 52-year-old spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill.
In Lithuania he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997.
European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 copies in one month.
Enchanted Forest reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April.
The two books took first and second place on Amazon’s bestsellers list for the US.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild.
After the breeding program has been concluded, the crocodiles will be released into the wild, where they could grow to be up to three metres long.
Harry Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on April 4.
He claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans.
The 68-year-old admitted that abusive fans is the least enjoyable thing as a manager.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters in record-breaking fashion.
The 21-year-old became the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Spieth also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods.
Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson finished four shots ahead of Spieth.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.
Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can live in his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man.
This is all thanks to the work of Roland Gainer, a college student who started a campaign to help Broskey after riding
The I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, was unveiled in 2009 sparking a Facebook campaign to get it removed.
The statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched.
A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart.
A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra.
Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW
California is in its fourth year of severe drought.
Almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin E and magnesium.
They are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain.
California farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world’s almond demand.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure.
Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent.
The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion battery due to overheating has been recorded.
It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Some of the subjects in the photographs – taken mostly in Beijing – offer wide smiles, while others pose with blank expressions.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
Lawyers investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers.
They may submit their review against the merger as early as next week.
The proposed collaboration of the two cable television companies drew criticism from Comcast competitors and groups that oppose media consolidation.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head on February 26, according to new police reports released Tuesday.
Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
The latest police information came as Governor Jay Nixon announced plans to appoint fellow Democrat and county treasurer Nicole Galloway as Schweich's replacement.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve his truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back.
Glushko has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plans to rob a Tesco store on Facebook.
A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife.
Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested.
He was found with £410 in stolen cash and a knife in a nearby pub.
Sentenced to four years in prison for armed robbery today.
Janek Zylinski, son of Polish war hero who fought Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader.
Brandishing his sword, he said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation.
Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment.
She allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure.
Witnesses say Schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the pit.
The animals appeared to ignore the boy, witnesses say.
He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition.
Nordic country tightened up laws amid reports of animal sex shows.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Agriculture minister Dan Jorgensen said it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
Evans was the first woman to be afforded the chance to qualify for men' events since 1994.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.
He returned to action from his latest setback earlier this month.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
The baby boy was given the name Zhao Pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese.
He was adopted by his uncle Zhao Yanchao and his grandmother Xiao Kaixing.
On Saturday, Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly.
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
He also said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame.
It topped the poll last year as well as four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune.
The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
Dmitri Kovtun, who is wanted for Litvinenko's murder, insists he was not involved in the dissident's death.
He suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it.
Kovtun has agreed to give evidence as long as he is given right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police.
If he testifies, he will have to do so by video link because he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to Britain.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Jesse Kidder was in patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio.
Wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend, ran at Kidder and asked him to shoot him.
Officer had been warned by dispatchers that Wilcox might try'suicide by cop'
Kidder refused and refused, saying: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you'
Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched.
He has since been arrested and is being held on $2m bond.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Kolo Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City.
Toure says Liverpool is the best place for Sterling to continue his development.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Sterling is not for sale.
The Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912.
Dubbed 'one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable'
It is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved, having been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years.
It was sold yesterday at Henry Aldridge and Son auction house in Devizes, Wiltshire, to a UK buyer.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
Without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $2.5 million.
Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom.
Josh and Charlotte's apartment has garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy.
Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and then the British Amateur Championship last year.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto.
The incident took place during a night out in Bradford City Centre.
She has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone.
Carter pleaded guilty to wounding with intent at Bradford Crown Court.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history at the Masters last year.
Spieth finished joint second with Jonas Blixt in 2014.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope'
In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
The formation of a flux rope can take weeks, but the moment when it is flung into the atmosphere can take just a matter of hours.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.
Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
But Balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering the threshold.
He said: 'I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful, and staged and balanced way'
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition.
It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
The surgeries carried risks including meningitis, brain damage and catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death.
But Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup final.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Celtic wrote to the SFA crying about a penalty they weren't awarded.
Scotland's top club, Celtic, are embarrassed by their actions.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
But he sought to make case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or Tories.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27kg)
Prince Harry will fly out of UK to Australia without seeing new niece or nephew.
Duchess of Cambridge is now overdue for birth of second child.
Harry will be bumped down to fifth in line of succession by new arrival.
He had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at London Marathon.
But he was dragging out his return until tonight in hope of meeting new baby.
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is unable to read the autopsy report.
Kelly-Anne Bates, 17, was tortured to death by her lover James Smith.
Smith burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and gouged out her eyes.
He also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives, forks and scissors.
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited.
But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'
Ukip’s manifesto chief said the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’
Tories accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall in Cheshire is being knocked down to make way for a 'Butlins-style' gipsy camp costing £3.2million.
Villagers had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners.
But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
The mansion's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden will also be provided at the expense of taxpayers.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time.
The ambulance service is also severely understaffed and, across England, around 1,250 posts are unfilled – a tenth of what is needed.
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season.
Reports in Italy claim he has told the club's hierarchy he wants to leave.
Tevez's international manager Tata Martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player's Argentina future.
Jorge Lopez was killed in a car crash while in Sao Paulo in July.
UEFA say Pep Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’
Lopez was killed when a taxi he was traveling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car being chased by police.
A white powdery substance was sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down.
A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police.
The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed just after midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
'Where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore,' said crisis campaigner Diana Sayed.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo.
But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel.
A video of the performance has since gone viral online.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
United will have to pay £46million to make the move permanent.
Falcao's former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes he must be regretting his failed loan move to Manchester United.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’
The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity.
Fiorentina's fading hopes of qualifying for the Champions League all but disappeared on Monday as they lost 1-0 at home Verona.
Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal after Alessandro Diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side.
The defeat leaves Fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years.
Frank and Christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the Pride of Britain Awards five years ago.
Christine says she and Frank waited until they were sure of their long-term feelings for each other before introducing her into their lives.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’ nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre, who was fired on Sunday.
McIntyre called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes.
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport Ken Shipp said McIntyre's comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable'
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and lab
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago.
But they are still far from knowing how it appeared.
Now researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms.
They believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive life.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League.
Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game.
The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Manchester United.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in Shanghai.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title when they face their nearest challengers on May 11.
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch a sighting.
Residents in the town think that it might have escaped from an aviary and has learnt to associate humans with food.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-3 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season.
Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng and Robert Lewandowski scored for the hosts.
Thomas Muller gave Bayern an incredible 4-0 lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining.
Bayern midfielder Xabi Alonso scored his side's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go.
In 2007, Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World'
Since 2011, the number of daily visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO.
Last year 1.1million people reached its dizzying peak.
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after his team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines.
The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
Last year forward player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to spend a minute with the boy.
An investigator has blamed sexism, including pornography sold at base stores, for the attitudes that led to Army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year, prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget.
Vian told shareholders of his company, which makes Ray-Bans, that there were'some second thoughts' about what version three of Google Glass would be.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy in north London.
The teenager pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry.
He became enraged when Mr Barry would not let the boy and his friends into flats.
Mr Barry and his girlfriend, Sabrina Finn, arrived home to find the group of boys trying to get into the black of flats when they lived.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock.
Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ‘Freddy’ after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer.
He was locked up for at least 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr E
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and dispersing energy over a larger area.
Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs.
The laboratory is also working on a magnetorheological fluid which they hope can be also applied in their products.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.
Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
The trio of teenage suicide bombers come after another teenager was shown in a video, criticising the West before he carried out a suicide bomb attack.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, have adopted 40 disabled children.
They found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989.
The couple gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
But the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years.
Now they have 12 children with the help of donations from the public.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Despite his startling claims, he doesn't mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League.
United currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on their run-in form.
Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable.
Victory over Aston Villa would put some pressure on neighbours Manchester City.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.
Survey finds that men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs.
They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units.
The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere.
The supervoid appears to be ‘roughly spherical’, and it may even contain a ‘significant substructure’ at its centre; a void within a void.
If confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
The 25-year-old has lost his England place to Exeter's Jack Nowell.
May's mother taught Sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster.
Tom Lineham scored hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8.
The 22-year-old winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California.
The listing describes the property as'meticulously maintained', 'grand', 'gracious', and 'elegant'
Would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library, three-car garage, outdoor dining room and even a solarium.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time.
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London as the men.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction.
Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
Festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses, while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages or vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
The verdict came nearly two years after Chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898.
The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of kickbacks.
Devery was recorded as saying there was a great deal of 'grafting' going on among his subordinates and that he would put a stop to it so he could line his own pockets.
On the back of bribes paid to him Devery was able to buy a baseball team, the New York Highlanders, which he eventually sold for $
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching spectator’s barriers at London Marathon.
The 23-year-old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing.
He then lunges into another stretch and reveals the box from behind his back.
His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection.
Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the Art Gallery of NSW.
EU rules on organic farming demand fish are treated with homoeopathic remedies.
First line of treatment should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals'
British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
They say use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, made an appearance at the Woman Awards in Madrid.
She accessorised her sequinned black gown with an enormous pair of chandelier earrings.
With her was actress Salma Hayek, 48, who was there to receive an award.
Vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the.
immune system to attack the cancer and could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to Jacobean manor in Staffordshire feel bed vibrate.
He believes ghost is being caused by spirit of boy who died in 17th century conflict.
Billionaire sold off Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion.
Tonya Stack reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle.
Boyle claims Stack 'flipped me the bird' as soon as she spotted him.
He claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014.
Tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland.
Brandy was one of 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster.
Tim broke his pelvis but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.
Just a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
Bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
It has already been pushed back until after the election.
But sources close to the investigation say 'nobody thinks it will come out this year'
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
He played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice.
Her husband David Phillips, 48, was already charged with grievous bodily harm with intent.
Appearing at Truro Crown Court on Monday he pleaded not guilty to the charge.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Mark Hughes believes Bale should stay at the Bernabeu.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds.
They are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes.
Vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles.
The results mean that your face looks younger, brighter and more toned.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform.
It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott, jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe.
Aden Gould, 21, opened two speakers in a Sainsbury's branch in Stoke-on-Trent.
He put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security.
Staff took him into manager's office and forced him to empty his bag.
But he was cleared of shoplifting and banned from all 1,200 stores.
The giant firm has now revoked the ban and agreed to waive £150 fine.
Isa Richardson, 46, made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p of pocket money.
The frightened youngster was confronted by homeless Richardson.
Richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down.
She was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators spotted her approaching people for cash.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.
The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign.
Rangers are still in line for promotion, sitting in the play-off positions in the Scottish Championship.
Vegetable-based snack will go global in April and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball.
Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
UK customers spend entire days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
Stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two who was born and raised in Dudley.
He joined ISIS as an explosives expert and sniper in Syria last year.
Has shared four images of a room where he claims to make IEDs.
 Components are seen organised on shelves and manuals on work surfaces.
Father hopes to emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state'
Tariq regularly posts instructions on how to build bombs and areas to check function.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Study found soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (5.30pm)
The Potters have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions.
They did win their last visit to the Londoners' ground in 1995.
But it is not since a 1-1 draw between the two sides in 1984 that Stoke have claimed a point there.
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry.
The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month.
Labadie pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
There were 3,700 women who served in Nazi death camps during WWII.
But only three were investigated for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was an SS guard in Ravensbrück and Auschwitz.
Gisela S worked in the feared SS under her maiden name of Demming.
She was a harsh disciplinarian who beat prisoners as punishment for rule infractions.
Now prosecutors say she is too old and frail to be tried in court.
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to property ladder.
He said cutting cost of saving for deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.
Tory leader, wearing notably clean new work boots, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
Mr Cameron used the launch of the Conservative party manifesto to promise voters'security at every stage of your life'
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
He was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014.
It is eight years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby.
Bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year.
Leinster have superb recent European pedigree and benefit from the Irish system.
Northampton, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded.
Clermont are on a 22-match unbeaten run in Europe.
Holidaymakers gathered to watch cannonball be fired from wooden trebuchet.
But sparks from fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse.
The thatched building, which overlooks the River Avon, was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
Warwick Castle confirmed the incident and said the attraction remains open and unaffected.
Ted Koran, 59, says he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time by the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night.
The only reason he decided not to kill himself on Saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together.
His experience highlights the problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
Today it has 52 operators fielding up to 1,000 phone calls a day, but the service is at breaking point.
Monopoly-makers planning a special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon.
But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
High-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city's Gothic cathedral, Exeter castle, the Guildhall and modern shopping centre.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight will be streamed live across the world.
Click here for all the latest boxing news.
A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Mr Abbott said the troops who fought in the First World War became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series.
The 33-year-old scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test.
England failed to see out the win at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's eight matches this season.
The Welshman has missed out on just eight starts in 50 matches this term.
But his team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record when he has been away, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal.
Bale's latest injury, suffered against Malaga, meant he missed Wednesday night's Champions League game.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour.
The craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch.
Aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity.
The battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the campaign trail.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed'
Last year he described himself as a 'Jewish atheist' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes.
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano.
Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto are ready to poach him.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother.
She was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday's race.
Admiral Mike Mullen allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
Bergdahl walked away from the army and was captured by the Taliban in June of 2009.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's post-match comments.
Houston's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve.
Stubbs will take his team to Livingston for yet another crucial Championship game tomorrow night.
Amir Khan wants to fight Kell Brook within the next 12 months.
Brook has challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but has agreed a bout.
Khan insists that Brook only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
The 28-year-old is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Nokes, a keen horsewoman, artist and charity fundraiser, is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the first half.
Philippe Coutinho equalised for Newcastle in the 71st minute.
Sterling was in total control of events from the moment Henderson’s pass arrived.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances.
They claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger.
'Floral perfumes can take years off a woman'
Aston Villa host QPR at White Hart Lane on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood has labelled the game the club's 'biggest game' for years.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone.
But they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
Franco Di Santo scored the winner for Werder Bremen in the 84th minute.
The Argentine converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season.
Hamburg's Valon Behrami was sent off for bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic.
Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing Hamburg from going down for the first time ever.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Clarkson's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will return later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months.
Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital.
The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding.
Three-and-a-half-year-old Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet.
The plan was devised by Vicky Marshall, who runs a natural dog food company and realised that none of her 5,000 customers' dogs have weight problems.
Aryl Foster, 33, was found dead in her sunken car in a Tampa-area lake on Sunday.
Autopsy shows her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Foster's family believe she drove into the wrong Brandon subdivision, then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake.
Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Designs show that the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the Baltimore Police Department in a report of its internal investigation into Freddie Gray's death.
A Chevrolet spokesman told Daily Mail Online that their vans don't include protruding bolts - but left open the possibility that Baltimore Police modified their vehicle.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment.
The 19-year-old defender will be missing for the Champions League qualifiers.
Denayer made his international debut for Belgium last month.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts.
Trend comes as older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures.
Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a WWE wrestling figure.
Tim Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Sherwood has guided Villa six points above the relegation zone.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster.
Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park.
Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000.
From the Humphrey Bogart years, before he died from cancer in 1957, was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras from the couple's marital home in Los Angeles.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982.
He would meet prostitutes who came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets.
His amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar.
The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics who mingled together.
Nadelman now lives in southern New Jersey, and visitors to Times Square are more likely to be asked if
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items.
Food safety systems, monitoring checks and procedures were not in place.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' lead from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
Wolves are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
The relationship between the toddler and the man has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father.
Dindral later gave the footage to cops who were able to track down the suspect.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
She has been selected for her 'fun, fearless attitude and fashion business credentials'
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces.
Topshop and Topman set to open second store in Westfield Miranda.
Launched in Sydney's CBD on Thursday 16th April.
British brand will host four full days of shopper specials.
Celebrities such as Cara Delevingne, Beyonce and Kate Moss will attend.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to stay away from Walter Scott's funeral.
Claims that they wanted him gone to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus'
He will preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral.
Around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
Labor senator Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to their second child on Good Friday in Adelaide.
The couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alexandra.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club.
Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Aljaz Bedene can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the AEGON Manchester Trophy.
Millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay heard laughing on police wiretap.
He is thought to have made £72m with accomplice Mered Medhanie.
Ghermay is wanted in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa.
Comes days after at least 900 people feared to have drowned in one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of World War Two.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested on Saturday afternoon after allegedly walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road.
She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
Once she was subdued and placed in the police car, officers found white residue on her teeth and a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk.
Enroute to York County Jail, Grant bit the upholstery, tearing the material, causing $
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
He was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet.
The result was topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps.
Mr Rush now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for Hibernian.
The result means Hibs are in the hunt for second place in the Championship.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
A pro-life group put his photo in an ad in an effort to promote his story.
Facebook reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2.
Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive watch.
It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from 23 April.
Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more.
According to a new study, for 54 per cent of single women, the best part about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed.
But for Aussie blokes, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat.
While more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right'
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent.
The 19-year-old Barcelona B winger is keen to seek first-team action.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel.
The Grade II listed building housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences.
But the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls exposing traditional brickwork.
Exercise yard, once open to the elements, has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich.
The former Barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.
Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
During his trial in February, Taylor tried to escape from the courthouse minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow.
The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin.
McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday’s Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Sharky Jama was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management.
He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend, former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf, to join the terror group.
His father Dada Jama confirmed his death to SBS Radio on Monday.
The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death.
It said consular assistance was no longer available within Syria 'due to the extremely dangerous security situation'
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months.
Now weighs 8st 9lbs and is very slim for her 5tf 7in height.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star's birthday was in March.
Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime.
It relates to Sainbury's joint venture with local supermarket chain Edge.
Mr Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Wayne Kyle gave his first interview since the end of his son's killer's trial.
Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013.
Eddie Routh was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Kyle's father Wayne was the first to teach his son how to shoot a gun.
He described the movie, American Sniper, as an 'absolute disgrace'
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around, punching, kicking and jumping out of bed.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad.
The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa.
Young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
The former player-manager of Salford City was forced to hand over his licence.
Giggs said the offence on October 14 last year 'wasn't intentional'
He was then banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle.
The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach, according to Max.
'It absolutely blew everything I've ever caught out of the water so it was once in a lifetime catch,' he said.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
Kick-off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on Saturday May 30, with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42.
They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving photographs.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon.
It is expected to weaken before reaching the Philippines on Sunday.
Nasa astronaut Terry Virts captured the eye of the storm early in the morning.
The storm was moving west-northwest at 15mph.
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday.
Forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio, New York, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff in the FA Cup semi-final.
Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for the visitors.
Conor McAleny equalised for Cardiff with a late equaliser.
Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring with a first-half goal.
But Ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Poll put Ukip on 17%, Lib Dems on 7% and Greens on 3%.
Jermain Defoe was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season.
The defender activated a clause in his contract at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign'
They say it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering'
Comes just weeks after more than 100 of Britain's top business leaders backed the Conservatives' economic plan.
But now, a number of FTSE 100 have anonymously criticised Mr Cameron's use of personal attacks on his opposition.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when demonstrator threw confetti.
She yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off.
Two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.
Feminist activist group Femen claimed responsibility for the stunt.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months.
Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at Halloween wearing a Poison Ivy costume.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The Inverness defender was charged with deliberate handball.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport.
He is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East.
In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants.
The 43-year-old, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list.
The new dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap.
Discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air.
New lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants, despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex, has been discovered in Chile.
Matilda Fitt played baby Julia Poldark in the BBC drama.
She was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
Matilda won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving hospital.
Her mother said watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open.
The No 1-seeded will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
Djokovic won the Key Biscayne title in 2007, 2011, 2012 and 2014.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar has been controversial.
The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend.
In the five-minute video, he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head.
He also says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
'Didn't you think it was risky to say that to those five n****rs?', he asks the girl, who denies
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday.
Her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region.
Neighbours lament that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Couple were seen travelling by Mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple, last May.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
Couple were arguing over 'infidelity' in bedroom of St Paul apartment.
Carried couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in face at close range.
When medics arrived at scene, they pronounced young mother dead, police said.
Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at court.
Suspect had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman.
If convicted, he faces up to 40 years
The son in law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver was indicted Monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative.
Just three months after Silver himself was arrested on corruption charges, his son-in-law Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was accused of running a $7million Ponzi scheme.
Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle.
Despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund, Allese Capital LLC, and a certified public accountant who 'kept the books', Michelle has not been charged in the scheme.
Rafael Benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli.
The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season.
It has been rumoured he could replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Benitez joined Napoli in the summer of 2013 and led the club to the Coppa Italia and third place in Serie A.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to eat everyday.
Teachers have banned packed lunches and erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling.
Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Oxford's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew, but also for rowing and sporting equality overall.
Audrey Hepburn's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, while Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored a brace as United moved up to third in the table.
Juan Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley.
Princess Leonore, 32, visited the Vatican with her mother, Princess Madeleine.
She is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child.
The birth is likely to coincide with the wedding of Prince Carl Philip.
Nathaly Hernandez was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
The smiley toddler was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement.
She is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around.
Staff at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight.
Pacquiao says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to come out on top.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.
The 2002 World Cup winner is also a target for ex-Brazil and Inter Milan striker's US team.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother of two says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
Ms Cox says she doesn't want anyone else to touch Alex or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
Her revelations came to light during the taping of an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry.
SBS Insight explores how this plays out in families from a culture where there is a
Mark Jones, 45, is accused of killing his daughter Amelia Rose Jones.
The 41-day-old died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital.
Miss Jones, 25, told Newport Crown Court he dropped her on two separate nights.
She claims he never mentioned slipping over when she returned on November 16.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott.
He had a vasectomy after he wasn’t taking any more chances.
She’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley against Newcastle on Sunday.
The former Tottenham striker set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
Defoe was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball but managed to post a respectable-looking nine with the Easter treat.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Katy, Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, Tuesday night.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
He allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back.
The suspect jumped into his girlfriend's car and fled, but police tracked him down at a nearby Shell gas station.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Rugby World Cup final.
Mark McCall's side contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack.
McCall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how Jordan appeared in such good shape.
They say he appeared to be well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin.
Jordan said his morale was boosted by reading the Bible from cover to cover.
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea.
The 16-year-old was plucked from the water by a crew of an RAF rescue helicopter.
He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Police are not treating the teen's death as suspicious.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The 22-year-old was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013.
But the terms of the transfer saw him loaned straight back to the Eagles.
Zaha has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace this season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
The Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Ali spent much of his time against the ropes, inviting Foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University.
The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England.
Pietersen has thrown his support behind Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played'
Ronny Deila will take his Celtic side to Hampden Park for the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions, at the BBC and the scandal-hit bank.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year.
It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers.
The firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
The Gunners beat Reading 2-1 to reach the final at Wembley.
Reading's Adam Federici scored the only goal of the game.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from saying 'everyone's upset'
But he today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, who first presented the show 38 years ago, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she were invited back.
The woman in her mid- to late 30s was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt.
She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the Miami Open quarter final.
The world No 4 is into the semi-finals of the tournament.
Murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Argentina's Juan Monaco.
Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be new Brit Aljaz Bedene.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013.
The building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a'meeting tower'
BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms.
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
According to forecasters we will begin to see the Arctic airmass on Saturday after it has blasted over from Iceland.
Steve Clarke's Reading side were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal at Wembley.
Garth McCleary scored a shock equaliser to give Arsenal the lead.
But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error saw Reading win in extra time.
Clarke won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was part of the team that prosecuted dozens of the men and women responsible for running the notorious Bergen-Belsen Concentration Camp.
The former Mayor of Glastonbury struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would 'face hardship' because of Barack Obama's reelection.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct.
She now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible'
Police say she left him there on Monday to visit her boyfriend, John Ferguson, in Montgomery County, Maryland.
The 21-year-old, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, is now in Philadelphia Children's Hospital with his aunts.
Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault.
Woman who escaped from IS capital Raqqa in Syria said women are forced to cover up.
She said they are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother.
They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them - and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police.
The woman said fear of IS is making many join them: 'Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
The corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak.
She was appearing alongside Mr Cameron at a National Grid training centre.
Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years if the Tories win the election.
Hillary Clinton's family came from a poor mining district in Wales.
Her great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil.
She married William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871.
Hannah Jones and Hugh Rodham eloped to wed in Binghampton, New York.
Mrs Clinton could claim her path to the presidency began 160 years ago.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand zoo in southern Norway.
Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the zoo on Monday.
The large eland had gotten its horns stuck in the enclosure's fence when suddenly the eland suddenly attacked.
Portugal beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot.
'Boogie boarding with my baby,' she captioned the image.
Maggie only gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self.
Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding.
Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Her loved ones face the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements.
Gross National Happiness is considered far more important than Gross Domestic Product and economic success.
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan and was built in the 8th century.
A 12-day tailor-made Gentle Walking Bhutan holiday costs from £2,475.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Gareth Bale failed to have the desired impact as Atletico kept him quiet.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
The former supermodel, 46, is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April.
She suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11.
Christy, who is mother to daughter Grace and son Finn, eight, with her husband of 11 years Edward Burns, 47, launched Every Mother Counts in 2010.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
His wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband, a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman.
She also told how when she confronted him about the affair, he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a different woman he was delivering post to.
A 49-year-old cancer patient showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses'
They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab.
They hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
Ramsey has been overlooked for countless jobs.
He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall.
Luke Shaw has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United.
The 19-year-old admits he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
Shaw joined United in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton.
In total, Shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when Newcastle lost 2-1 to Sunderland.
Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson.
Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
The 30-year-old singer first shared the news with People Magazine in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease.
Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have it.
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering on the bag.
It follows closely on Madonna's other opinion-splitting move - kissing Drake live on stage.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her 87-year-old friend's finances.
She later became carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales.
Bailey was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence at Bolton Crown Court.
IFS said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was 'a risk to our recovery'
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club.
However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
Investigators have rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island.
They returned to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country.
Employment agency Mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon.
Around 4.5 per cent are also unemployed across the south west.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
Thornton needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
They used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of 'diplodocid' dinosaurs.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time.
The bridge also connects a system to the wider world.
With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0.
Neil Harris' side are four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Rotherham have a game in hand and a better goal difference.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
The Brazil forward looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
Barcelona are through to the last eight of the Champions League.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it.
However, bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise.
Ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket Swiss ski resort.
Gabrielle Giffords and husband Mark Kelly were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday.
The former U.S. representative walked with the help of a cane.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip.
Giffords survived a gunshot to the head on January 8, 2011, when a man opened fire in Arizona.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages.
The majority were kept in a squalid garden shed.
Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands coast.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
It comes after Britain struck oil in remote field of the islands this week.
Find could increase fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
A Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing.
There is nothing as synonymous with Easter eggs as chocolate.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’
But glossy notices are ‘often reductively misinterpreted as “you can achieve anything if you believe”’
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, who was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric.
The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
English will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the attack.
Turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Fenerbahce demanded that football be suspended until the incident was dealt with and perpetrators punished.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case.
Her father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography.
Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published in May.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement.
Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely.
More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials.
Parasitic insects from the preserve were found to carry the illness.
Plague, which killed millions of Europeans in the 1300s, is most commonly carried by fleas.
Human cases have developed from close contact with cats who have preyed on infected vermin.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage.
The cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in Tuscany.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
The panel has been told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria.
They include claims she failed to adequately monitor patients, record key observations in patient notes or request assistance from doctors.
Ms Ratcliffe told the panel she is no longer a midwife and has no intentions of returning to the profession.
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
Dr Christopher Kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
Apple Watch is available for pre-order on Friday, April 10, 2015.
There are 54 possible configurations in all.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.
Customers can try on and experience Apple Watch at their local Apple Store or at Galeries Lafayette in Paris, Isetan in Tokyo, Selfridges in London, and select Apple Authorised Resellers in Japan and China.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed with a one-in-a-million genetic condition.
Doctors say it will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
This is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game.
The Liverpool midfielder is looking to recapture his best form in two years.
Steven Gerrard is suspended for three matches for sending off against United.
Lucas is hoping to take advantage of Gerrard's absence in the next three games.
Liverpool host Arsenal at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Arsenal in December.
Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history for Liverpool against Arsenal in 1994.
Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool at Highbury in 2004.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress, which is exclusively available on Tesco’s website, is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
The man in his twenties stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him.
Chinese social media users praised 'tough girl' Cao Yu for her bravery.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Germany proved a more visited destination even than France and Italy.
Greece is the biggest improver with its 5.6 million incoming passengers from Britain a 13.2 per cent increase.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's trip to Newcastle with a hamstring injury.
The France international came off in the first half of Wednesday's FA Cup win over Blackburn Rovers.
Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans.
Daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team despite an injury scare.
Fabricio Coloccini will complete his three-match ban and Papiss Cisse sits out the fourth of his seven matches.
Rory McIlroy will play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade.
Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament.
The 80th anniversary of the most famous shot in the tournament’s history, Gene Sarazen made his albatross on the 15th hole in the final round.
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Barcelona take a 3-1 lead against Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night.
Italian press preview Juventus' Champions League second leg trip to Monaco.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
She then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.
Clint Gee was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work had not been done to the burial plot.
Mr Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
'It was shattering,' Mr Gee said after he had to dig the hole himself.
He paid a $342 fee after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push towards the Premiership.
Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his Fantasy Football Club XI on Sky Sports.
The Barcelona midfielder has also played for Arsenal and Cameroon.
Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying.
The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate.
Sebastian Larsson suspended for Crystal Palace's trip to Stadium of Light.
Sunderland have only scored more than twice in two Premier League games this season.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness.
Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’
Documents show Saracens’ wage bill soared by another £1million last season.
Saracens now owe £41.6m, according to new filings at Companies House.
The club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Premier League rivals Leicester.
Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for shows and museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Mrs Costello had been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from
Nigel Farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ for censoring poll.
ComRes poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat.
If poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career.
He has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Virgin Galactic has not named this vehicle yet.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago.
She worked as a teacher at the International School in Sanaa until fighting forced it to close.
Her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are currently living in fear.
Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out of the country.
But Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired and UK authorities are closed.
They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
A White House state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the U.S. reserves for allies and other countries.
Bus ploughed into Boeing 777 passenger jet at Tashkent airport.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Dublin.
Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman came off in the early stages of Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Lawrence Tynes is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season.
The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly shot the cat with a bow.
But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in the Premier League.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for Palace.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was seen jogging in London today for the second time this week.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity.
She showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorts by Adidas.
Complete the look with her coral vest by Sweaty Betty.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick for Wasps.
Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua scored tries.
A. Alfred Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack.
Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
But it was his rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front, several stores in one stop close to home — that left a mark on American culture.
Five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month.
They face charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
Women have been linked to several stunts which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and poor provision of women's toilets in China.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Ligue 1 champions need three goals to progress.
Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three in Nou Camp.
PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home to Barcelona last week.
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London.
The Chelsea striker was spotted taking a stroll through the capital.
Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box.
The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage, according to McKamey Animal Center where the dogs are being treated.
A good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs.
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative are refiling multiple annual tax returns.
They may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors.
The errors appear on the form 990s that all non-profit organizations must file annually with the Internal Revenue Service to maintain their tax-exempt status.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday.
Man could be seen leaning out sliding door of van as it hurtled down M40.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside van.
Boss has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing tomorrow.
Incident, which police are investigating, went on for five minutes.
The 34-year-old reality star revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits.
She is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older.
Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress, which she wore last May to wed Kanye West in Florence, Italy, as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000.
It has no bathroom, no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty 'Noddy' train.
Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut.
Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent, although the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach.
Despite their hefty price tags
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns.
But she was secretly'repulsed' by her body and checked into fitness camp.
She lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to 12 stone.
Rebecca lost a further stone herself after she left No 1 Boot Camp in Norfolk.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
Today, it was the turn of Dordrecht, a city in the south-west of the country, which was once a major trading port.
King Willem-Alexander's brother Prince Constantijn, 45, was also aboard, as was his 48-year-old wife, Princess Laurentien.
16-year-old filmed throwing kitten against door and flushing it in toilet.
Tilly was in such a sorry state that she had to be put to sleep.
Owner Sarah Reeves, 19, was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
He was only handed a two-month suspended sentence.
The Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions.
Costa pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Mayweather is expected to earn an estimated $180million from the fight.
Coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them'
Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie, zero sugar version.
Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
Ferguson made his senior debut at the age of just 16.
The 73-year-old was famous not just for the trophies won – his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily Britain’s most successful ever manager – but the hours put in.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since and the family are now in poverty.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
The 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary School.
Hampshire Constabulary are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
Barcelona travel to Valencia in La Liga on Saturday.
Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the table.
Real Madrid host Malaga in the quarter-final on Saturday evening.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy.
Plans include slashing tuition fees in England from £9,000 to £6,000.
Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left.
The SNP also wants the UK to formally recognise Palestine as a state.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough.
The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable.
Their six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories'
Former Juventus boss Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for Italy before Andros Townsend equalised.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together.
Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to honeybees.
They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is exhausted.
Honey production in France has plummeted as a result of the hornet sting.
Experts fear millions of them could be heading for Britain.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
This is despite the fact that Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
Camilla Kerslake, 26, arrived at the Olivier Awards in London on Sunday.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier.
The 'pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness.
'Some people call it a pre-engagement. It's all about timing,' she said.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients.
But they were not the only contenders.
Jordan Henderson was outstanding. Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower.
The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
iRobot claims astronomers' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are 'infinitesimal'
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at 1959 gathering.
Party was held on 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland.
Churchill appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as leaders posed.
Also seen are Viscount Charles Portal, 1st Baron Arthur Tedder and Lieutenant General Brian Horrocks.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
As she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain.
Leo almost burned down his owner's home in Peckham, south-east London.
Firefighters believe he knocked one of the cooker's knobs, turning the rings on.
Owner Allen Mosey's son, 21, and daughter's boyfriend escaped unharmed.
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
They bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987.
But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre.
The pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress.
Mr Kingham said: 'The biggest fear for me is going to bed and wondering if we are going to wake up if something is thrown through the letter box'
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over Charlton.
The result was the Lions' first win at The Den since October.
Hooiveld prodded home Magaye Gueye's low drive in the 87th minute.
Gueye had cancelled out Alou Diarra's strike for the Addicks.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
She had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later.
But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them.
Jay Dasilva was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League on Monday.
The 16-year-old is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger.
Former Arsenal and England striker Ian Wright has predicted that four of the Blues side are set for a bright future in the game.
Kate Major Lohan was arrested AGAIN for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report.
Michael was ordered to rehab by Michael last year.
The couple had a heated argument on Thursday at their Palm Beach home.
Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating.
She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
He picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja.
The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, says he may never again see out of one eye.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League second leg.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Bild lead with headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!'
Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page.
L'equipe lead with a 'giant' evening approaching for Monaco.
Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in 2010 brought matters to a head.
The 2000 Africa Cup of Nations Final between Nigeria and Cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler.
It took Lampard’s ruled-out effort in Bloemfontein for the dam to finally burst.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died.
He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina.
Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
The Blues need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first Premier League title in five years.
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff.
Husband Paul says she was forced out of the post into another job.
He says she drew attention to management blunders which cost licence-fee payers £150,000.
Two images show a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.
But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National.
Woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back.
That followed a shockingly bad display of chipping at the Phoenix Open, where he shot a career-high 82.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out.
Nguyen managed to get out of his suit and jump into the water seconds before the helicopter crashed and sent shrapnel flying everywhere.
His family would be part of the 30,000 South Vietnamese refugees ultimately rescued by the Kirk.
In an interview with CNN, some members of the family are revealing what happened on that historic day,
Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open.
The world No 1 beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets on Wednesday.
Williams will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final.
West Ham are currently first in the Premier League table.
Sam Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before they move to the Olympic Stadium.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
Harry Kane posted a picture to Instagram reminiscing on St George's Day.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand reminisced on a goal celebration.
'We Will Burn America' includes footage of 9/11 terror attacks and atrocities.
It also includes news footage of the planes hitting the World Trade Centre.
The 11 minute-long video also features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley and the burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh.
Subtitles claim previous'mujahideen' managed to carry out the attacks with little resources.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were featured in Hillary Clinton's video announcing her 2016 White House bid.
The couple, who are planning a summer wedding, were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.
Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
Aston Villa have reached the FA Cup final for the first time in their history.
The club won the European Cup in 1982.
Tim Sherwood's side will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere and contributes to global warming.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious results.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
'I'm not into all this,' a woman named Darlene says of that app.
Meanwhile, another confused woman named Vera calls the app 'Snapchess'
Barnet clinched a return to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute.
Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over alleged domestic violence.
The 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting officers.
He visited five different police stations without being apprehended and flashed his genitals outside one.
But after spending less than five months behind bars he has been released.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday.
Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
Manchester City have increased season ticket prices by 283 per cent.
The club have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans.
Some disabled fans say they are 'disgusted' with the club.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise but shot over the bar.
John Carver would walk away from Newcastle if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Number of Christians in US will decline from three quarters of population in 2010.
Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070, according to Pew Research Center.
Muslim population will shrink from 553million to 454million according to projections.
By 2050, there will be 2.8billion Muslims and 2.9billion Christians, it is estimated.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31.
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
The legal writing professor earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
This is the first time that this side effect has been discovered.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
Bath have announced the signing of England Sevens international Jeff Williams.
The 26-year-old will move to the Recreation Ground for next season.
Williams helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
He sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil over a period of months.
School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Union of Teachers played down seriousness of his conduct, saying it only amounted to a breach of school's information and communications technology rules.
Police are hunting Peter Fox, 26, over alleged double murder of his mother and sister.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead in Bootle, Merseyside, on Thursday.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead half a mile away.
Detectives have released CCTV images of Fox leaving Liverpool Lime Street.
They are appealing for the public's help to track down Mr Fox, who is believed to have fled to London.
He is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short, dark hair.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
He was jailed for 18 months for the historic sexual abuse of two girls.
Pinsard first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
Judge branded historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed him.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat Lucy O'Byrne in the final of the competition, beating her.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of the show, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to.
Man in his 70s barricaded himself into his home after shooting his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night.
After a night of failed negotiations, the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.
The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at Hospital Clinico in Zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun.
A new study reveals that 1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
17 per cent will hide their credit card spending, versus 14 per cent of men.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories.
Nico Rosberg has admitted he's wary of Ferrari's pace ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs.
Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.
The eight-year-old had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
She chose Colbie Caillat's Try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year.
There are just four points separating the bottom five in the Premier League.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship.
But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink.
Even Aston Villa and West Brom are not quite out of the dogfight.
Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government would do 'everything in their power' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls to their families.
The girls were taken away in trucks on the night of April 14 to 15 2014.
Boko Haram - meaning 'Western education is sinful' - forced the girls to convert to Islam and marry group members.
More than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
But Ms Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in New Orleans.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say the arrest was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx, HBO's six-part series about Durst.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State.
He was speaking on ABC's 7.30 program following the announcement of 330 Australian troops leaving for Iraq.
Mr Andrews said Australian troops will not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle.
This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade.
Celtic moved eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Premiership.
Ronny Deila's side beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night.
But Deila was impressed with the state of the Paisley surface.
He believes Scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there isn't a drastic improvement in our pitches.
Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss.
He gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell, which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly.
That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
A key factor is the growing prevalence of smartphones.
The survey of teens between the ages of 13 and 17 found that 73 percent had a smartphone and 30 percent had at least a basic cellphone.
Study by Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal.
They simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent.
The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
Baby was found dead at a home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, yesterday.
Her father, 25, and mother, 25 were held after their daughter died.
Police were called to the home at just before 1am yesterday morning.
The child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate.
Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants she did not consent to having sex.
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics.
The 26-year-old was released from Lincoln Prison in August 2014.
He spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from the prison.
Staff told him he was free to go in August and he was released three hours later.
Kupsstys posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on Facebook.
It was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made.
The 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Selfish also contains hundreds of photos flaunting her famous cleavage and derriere, including nude photos.
Survey reveals pets watch 21 hours of TV of week, whether with their owners or by themselves.
Two thirds of goldfish owners put the bowl in sight of the TV so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day.
One per cent of dogs are glued to the TV for over 10 hours.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
Wilson is also known as the mother of Marnie, played by Allison Williams, in HBO's 'Girls'
She has two sons with Hanks, Chester Marlon, 24, and Truman Theodore, 19, as well as two stepchildren from Hanks' previous marriage.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in raid on home of 92-year-old man.
She and accomplice Martin Lawrence, 27, stole whisky, decanter and phone.
They also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for work.
Doherty jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed.
The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning.
Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Police are appealing for the driver to come forward.
Jackson Byrnes must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery.
The Casino teenager was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go.
In seven days, over $47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds.
Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi.
She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done and in October he began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.
Tribunal at City Exchange in Leeds awarded her £19,500 compensation for injury to her feelings.
Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are.
However, a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade.
She was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
In
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years.
He has been protecting Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
'The army is here, we are here. It will be okay,' he said.
Robert Mugabe arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, for state visit today.
He appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings.
However, it was apparent that the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him.
The comical image emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Attorney General Eric Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members in Washington on Friday.
Holder, who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in U.S. history.
His successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.
The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head.
The game could have cost as much as £20,000, but the BBC insist it was made in-house.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters.
He said that when he goes into 'black parts' of London he gets a warm reception.
Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on 'no evidence whatsoever'
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
'I know what these woman go through on a daily basis; everyday it's a struggle living with CF,' he wrote on his website of the upcoming book.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Early indicators show an east coast low could hit the region, with heavy rain possible from Thursday through to Saturday.
The SES is particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region, which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm.
A trough of low pressure was forming along the coast, and would hit heaviest in the far northern parts of the state.
SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills said the organisation is concerned that more storms would hamper
The incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
They are all reported to be in a stable condition.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool.
Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign the Liverpool winger.
The Gunners are concerned similar scenarios could tarnish the club's reputation.
Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control.
Mesut Ozil went to a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle United.
Arsene Wenger has spoken to Ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
Wenger confirmed that Mikel Arteta, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Jack Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby had all returned to training but weren't yet ready to make their return.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008.
The Briton said the incident occurred at the event in London.
Hamilton said he did not apologise and kept going to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the Masters this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Compton's wife, Barbara, and parents Peter and Eli won't be tuning in.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void created by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
Father-of-six needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body.
He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with aggravated burglary and GBH.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time, but his shot was saved.
Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals.
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody.
Banda, a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue, has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story.
She wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
Neil Tuckett, 58, has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse.
He discovered his passion for the model when he got a call from his great uncle, John Brazil, asking him to accompany him on the London to Brighton commercial run.
The agricultural engineer started his own business in 1984 but his team turned their attention to Model Ts.
Now they struggle to keep up with the demand at his garage in North Marston, Buckinghamshire, and sell the cars for around £10,000 each.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Man United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Jonny Evans completes his six-match ban.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood threw his gilet to the ground in celebration after Christian Benteke equalised.
Matt Phillips put QPR into a seventh-minute lead, getting on the end of Bobby Zamora's cross.
Charlie Austin scored his first ever Premier League goal just after half-time to make it 2-2.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches.
Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff is still unsure whether he will be playing again - having made a comeback in 2014, five years after his retirement.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Oscar was substituted at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he is not struggling.
Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite their decline.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations.
The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies.
Critics of the booklet claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
A hearing in which the Department of Justice will try to reverse the hold on President Obama's executive immigration action is scheduled for Friday.
Peter Alliss said equality for women has 'b*******ed up the game'
Veteran broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
Alliss defended his style from critics, saying: 'They either think I waffle on, or don't know enough about the young players coming up'
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997.
It took two years to complete the purchase, four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration.
The Grade A-listed building was lovingly transformed into a stunning home while staying true to its historical roots.
Despite that, Janet, 60, and John, 64, insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
The Gunners have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
A Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale.
The kit can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back.
Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
Prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
The 12-cabin-high structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
It was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat on Sunday night.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Patrick Vieira is in charge of City’s Under-21 development squad.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles.
His offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride.
It raised £1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity.
The charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for Puma.
The South American duo battle it out in a cage style match.
Falcao scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City.
Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United.
The 511 elephant tusks were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Button was given a five-second penalty after the race.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans.
Pictures show men and women rushing towards those crushed in tragedy.
Investigators urge anyone who recognises them to come forward.
They are part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans became crushed.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed.
Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls in New York City.
'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair.
The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
Hillary Clinton is Public Enemy Number One on the campaign trail, and they smell blood.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it's arms outstretched.
James Tingley, 70, was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
His crimes span a period of 50 years.
Tingley's perverted accomplice Randy Stevens, 45, was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury.
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players' failings.
The Reds were held to a goalless draw by Blackburn in the FA Cup.
Liverpool host Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
Obi Okeke, who owns Fusion Luxury Motors, was interviewed on the video on Mayweather's Facebook page.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Lightning is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure and claims many victims around the world each year.
Nigella Lawson will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will mark her first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the explosive fraud case that followed.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory.
Giffo, 42, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
She teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around Italy and is also the editor and founder of the photo community www.maxartis.i.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's.
The 26-year-old found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club.
Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
The Welshman made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career, which stretched to 25 years.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told Time that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S.
The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded.
The family members could offer no evidence to back up their allegations.
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks.
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
9% of physicists declared that they were still virgins, 5% of dentists.
Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered, remains to be seen.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect.
Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
The senior told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
He groomed fellow Hungarians online then kept them captive in New York City and Miami.
Vass brought men to America with promises of easy work and high wages.
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
It was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, but was torched shortly after.
Photographs were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it.
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform.
The Year 9 student never made it to class and her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance.
Police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance, however they have so far been unable to find the child.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados.
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Robshaw's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Ben Flower returned from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
She endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940.
It was transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz.
Volunteers are now hoping to take the boat back to the beaches next month.
Aaron Stringer, of Bakersfield, California, Police Department, 'tickle tickle'
He allegedly ran fingers along soles of feet of Ramiro James Villegas.
Villegas, 22, was shot dead by police on November 13 after a car chase.
Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from department since November.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out the murder.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Tiger Woods gave Yao Ming a golfing lesson at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai.
Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
The former world No 1 has played just three tournaments so far this year.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend.
The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in Sunday's derby.
Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling.
The England number one has given up on knocking Arsenal out of second place.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34.
They said his plastic pet carrier was damaged so badly that Felix was able to get out and run away.
His crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open.
Etihad Airways said it is investigating Felix’s disappearance and continues to search.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
Apple claims its watch, which has an Ion-X glass display, is 'protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that's especially resistant to scratches and impact'
When online tester TechRex dropped the watch ‘not aiming at the display,’ in a test conducted in Sacramento, California, it survived unscathed.
However, when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
The watch has 'high performance' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case, that's 60
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
But as the rhyme continues, her eyes begin to fill with tears.
As she gets to the penultimate verse, she starts to sob with her arm across her face.
Mrs Carey posted the video on Facebook alongside the caption: 'My four-year-old daughter learned a new song at school and can't quite get through it without crying'
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The Met Office said 72mph winds were recorded in the area on Monday and 61mph gusts on Tuesday.
The 44-year-old from Oldham had just returned from Algeria.
He wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday.
Great Manchester Police Chadderton division shared the incident on Facebook.
There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine.
Neil Robertson has revealed a new practice repertoire.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones.
Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
Blackpool fans have rallied round a pensioner sued by the Oyston family.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the club.
Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days.
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table.
Ashley Young believes the Red Devils will challenge for the title next season.
The 29-year-old has played a prominent role under Louis van Gaal.
Young has praised Van Gaal's managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club.
Lord Tebbit has hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man'
The former Tory party chairman said the PM has never had a proper job.
He also criticised Mr Cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour government.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line to pull Malaga back into the game before half-time.
Torres has found goals difficult to come by since his January return to the Vicente Calderon and has scored just four times for Diego Simeone's side.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
The 36-year-old defender has been suspended, benched or out of the squad.
Ferdinand also won 81 caps for England during his glittering career.
QPR are two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Piper Kulk died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
The eight-year-old girl who died in the crash has been identified as Piper Kulk.
She was travelling with her mother, grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12, when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred.
Wyee Road was closed for seven hours while Crash Investigation Unit police
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'
But the firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station.
Boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with the threat of Marouane Fellaini.
The 20-year-old man-marked the Belgian superbly.
Jose Mourinho said he asked the young Frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10' clash.
Chelsea travel to QPR in the west London derby on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand.
Steven Gerrard is set to play for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
Martin Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Gerrard will sign off his Anfield career in the final on May 30.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant.
The Lib Dem leader said the move could help 'particularly in such a wonderful part of the country'
Under the Lib Dem plan, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad have washed up in the Rodrigo de Freitas lake.
The lake is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games.
Officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
Jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food.
The 28-year-old said that he 'hate them all' and 'can't get away any more'
Bolt also said Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window.
Six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests near Johannesburg.
Police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse crowds.
Violence flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should leave South Africa.
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in Rio de Janeiro next week.
The 40-year-old Brazilian is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests.
Silva is considered one of the best pound-for-pound mixed martial arts fighters in the history of the sport.
Manny Pacquiao had just said'very good' in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going.
The camp had blamed the log-jam of callers for overloading the system.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies are filmed chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot.
They tackle him to ground and order him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out gun and pulls trigger.
After firing one round into Harris, he drops gun from recoil.
Harris then starts yelping on ground, while pleading for help.
Pakistani mother-of-three Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics through Taliban strongholds offering free vaccines to parents.
The Taliban, a Islamic fundamentalist political movement, was toppled from power after the US-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001.
It is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
In Pakistan, polio has been on the rise since the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick.
Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted the lid on England captain Rooney's bullish attitude.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania.
Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad.
Three men, in their 50s, arrested on suspicion of murder of Claudia Lawrence.
The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance.
Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
Detectives are currently looking for evidence which could lead to the discovery of Ms Lawrence's body.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria.
It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
That history came as news to officials at Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy in suburban Bryn Mawr.
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured with kids.
The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
He said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping sanctions.
If they are found to be in violation of the terms, the sanctions will be put back in place.
It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is achieved.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
The ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
Maro Itoje will start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Last year's semi-final saw Sarries defeat Toulon 46-6 at Twickenham.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria.
But the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
One theory is that the dunes are created by helical roll vortices.
These are long rolls of air that spiral, or rotate one way before rotating another.
They are commonly seen in clouds, creating what's known as 'cloud streets' that appear as cumulus-type clouds
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Geyen was first reported missing on Saturday night, having been out on bail since he was first charged in November 2013.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists.
The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube.
In the 2-minute clip, Knight is approached by a man who introduces himself as 'Mike' and proceeds to shake the lawmaker's hand at lenght.
During the awkward encounter, Mike informs Knight: 'You told me you didn't vote for amnesty and you did. I looked it up on the Internet. You
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that authorities had failed to protect them.
Tory minister said authorities had to 'get to the bottom of this'
The alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’
It emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan.
It shut down three train lines in both directions.
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1.
Louis van Gaal revealed he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting.
The Dutchman kissed Herrera at the interval after the game.
United moved above local rivals Manchester City and into third.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems.
In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
One in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road.
The news comes after a worrying video has appeared online exposing a truck driver snorting drugs.
Many drivers are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain.
United would demand £30m if Real Madrid try to sign him this summer.
Steve Webb has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions.
Yesterday the biggest pension reforms in a century were launched.
New reforms will allow 2.1million over-55s to withdraw all or part of their funds.
Experts fear pensioners could be vulnerable if they do not receive proper advice.
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were thrown in a skip.
The skip was situated outside St James' Park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club.
Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given are some of the legends who are included in the photos.
Unnamed man was gored in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca.
He was trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars when the animal hit him square between the legs.
Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away.
Two rare paintings used to plan filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard for the first time, went for £25,000.
The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold.
Both paintings were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 Hollywood classic began.
Danny Welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday.
Liverpool beat the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Jose Enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
Brendan Rodgers' side are currently seventh in the Premier League.
All passengers on Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The #SkyhighSelfie app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla.
Real Madrid are just two points off in second place.
Top-side Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Cesc Fabregas opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 88th minute.
Nemanja Matic doubled Chelsea's lead in the second half.
Joey Barton and Charlie Austin scored for QPR.
Fabregas converted Eden Hazard's pass to secure all three points.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, said he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators.
But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator.
Gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal.
Storm clouds blocked out the sun in the city of Soligorsk, Belarus.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
About 100,000 residents of the city were forced to stay indoors.
Heavy rain associated with the storm also caused electricity cuts.
Work and Pensions Secretary blasts Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
Claims Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
Set out powerful moral case for party's policies which have reduced welfare dependency.
Calls on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements.
Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
Louise Van Ryn fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed.
Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences.
He is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off debts.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out.
In the opening scene of the pornographic film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to one of the attraction's wooden-panelled train carriages.
Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Denise Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later beside her parents' home.
After her'release' police accused them of staging the kidnapping – a claim they both strongly denied.
This is the Vallejo Police Department and spokesman Lt.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign.
Poster urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.
Women's rights groups say rapists are to blame for sex attacks, not victims.
But supporters say it is 'blindingly obvious' that it is not blaming women.
Angela Merkel has called for a new European Union system.
She said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers.
Call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis.
Hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks.
He was reportedly alerted to the search by a colleague who showed him the story on Stuff NZ.
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, Eidur Gudjohnsen and Adam Bogdan.
Heskey has contributed just one goal in nine Championship starts.
The former England striker has scored five times in the Championship.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy.
Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest.
Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
Circumcision rates have fallen in the U.S., but a majority of boys still undergo the procedure.
Stephen James Hendry, 24, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt.
This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Hendry says while fame has happened quickly, he plans to just run with it and look back later.
Kevin Blandford's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet.
Each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife.
The 33-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace.
But his wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
He then made the near fatal mistake of getting into the car and lighting his cigarette.
Our 'perfect dog' has the body of a Border Collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
The coat of an English bulldog, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners.
Almost half said their ideal dog would be ‘standard-sized’ like a collie, compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.
The frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days.
Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion.
The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Some insurgents have expressed their disaffection with the one-eyed militant.
Baptism release praises his'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf.
But the pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31.
Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead early in the second half.
Graham Dorrans made amends for a late penalty miss.
Norwich are now one step closer to the Premier League.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
It bans Election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
The raven-haired teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing.
Her exact dress is still up for grabs at Nordstrom for $315.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making film to avoid jail after being arrested.
He was accused of placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them.
The playboy gun-obsessive was forced to make the short film in order to avoid a jail sentence.
Bilzerian has a following of 7.4million on Instagram where he posts images of scantily clad women, wild parties, and his extension gun collection.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by police.
Paris prosecutor said police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student's home.
Also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'
Arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, in Paris.
She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a suburb of Villejuif.
Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Lennon in the time he has left.
Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas.
Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, was 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago.
Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009.
She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time.
But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition.
Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening.
The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom.
Nick Cousins, 57, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15.
Police investigating whether her birth and that of her sister were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page.
The 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury.
Keane's enthusiasm can't be faulted but his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired.
Gary Teale hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of St Mirren Park.
Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible'
But Teale insists the Norwegian's criticism was unjustified and unfair.
Delta's new pet GPS allows owners to track their pets on a plane.
The service is available from 10 US airports including Los Angeles and Atlanta.
Delta has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Tragically between 2010 and 2013, Delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball.
At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
But a potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking its young population.
Farmers in Swaziland have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination.
It is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset.
Claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
Said they should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America.
The bear is believed to be called Cheyenne and appears to try and bite him.
At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
But despite the distractions of a young girl and the video maker, the bear swims after him.
The WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.
The fruitcake has been home-made by two WI star bakers.
Some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest, Diageo and Whitworths.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium.
Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for Roy Hodgson's side.
Andros Townsend equalised for the Three Lions at half-time.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
He was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment.
The Loose Women panellist aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She said that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'
Now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments.
Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes that Jamelia’s message is incredibly disturbing.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks.
Experts said a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
It was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week.
'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read.
The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue, including those who did not agree.
Manchester City are planning to table a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
The reigning champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target.
City believe they are leading the race to land Sterling this summer.
Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million, a fee that City can certain afford.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Lyon beat Saint-Etienne 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday.
Clinton N'Jie gave his side the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off.
Romain Hamouma and Max Gradel levelled for the hosts.
Lille kept fourth place in Ligue 1 with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river, which separates it from Andrea.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
They fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
Police release an image of the car Ms Scott was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with NSW registration BZ-19-CD.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.
He uses a number of techniques to travel first class around the world for free.
The Think Progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program is reached.
Khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States.
He hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft.
Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.
The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial.
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
He revealed that a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen.
By comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
When written out in full, the human molecule would read: Co1 Mo3 Se4 Cr7 F13 Mn13 I14 Cu76 Zn2,110 Fe2,680 Si38,600 Mg40,000 Cl127,000 K177,000 Na183,000 S206,000 P1,
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Taylor told police that a group of men tied him to the tree after stealing $2,500 from him.
A warrant was issued for his arrest last month but Taylor remains at large.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time.
The married mother-of-three was arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he had slept with two teachers.
An investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex.
with both his current English teacher at the time and his English teacher from the prior year, Rachel Respess.
In exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity, the original charge of carn
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine and injected it.
She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed.
Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital.
But she died from the effects of the drug, an inquest heard.
Pauline Bruce and her son John were terrorised by their neighbour.
Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
She didn't show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment the couple.
Pauline reveals on Channel 5's The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how Yvonne turned on her after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another woman.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
The remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop.
Local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size'
Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry.
Two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Gerrard looked confused by the various roles given to him by Rodgers.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon.
Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece for the home side.
The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
Clean city water comes in through the faucet and then fills the tank instead of simply going to waste.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, died in New York City gas explosion last month.
He was on second date at sushi restaurant in East Village when he was killed.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken'
Father: 'We're here to show the love we always have for him. I'm going to put my son to rest now'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger.
Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind off Chris Jordan.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands?
Gareth Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for Wales against Israel.
The Welshman returns to Real Madrid on the back of a vital double.
Carlo Ancelotti's side take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday.
Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with the disease cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old has earned four international caps for the Wallabies.
Charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling with his illness.
He took part in a promotional video as part of Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says his father's killer should never have been deputized and given a gun.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting death of Eric Harris.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world's creatures.
And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic.
In particular, they claim the eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions.
The amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata on Friday.
The 20-year-old was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.
Former India captain Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve Leicester's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday.
Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California.
It is believed the pet, named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals.
Kristy Keusch from Umbrella of Hope is now caring for the dog.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0.
Ozil is set to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its locations will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Normally, Apple launches generate long lines outside stores.
But analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones"'
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running.
Former teachers claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that he is discriminating against female students.
The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims, but rather a plot against them.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Radwanski has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway.
Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code, which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison
Sanjay Chaddah claimed Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah, 43, was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
Fans group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The group are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend.
Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month.
Jacques LaMerde is dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
The dishes use cheap, everyday junk food, such as Fritos and Jimmy Dean sausage patties.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams.
Former world champion Shaun Murphy was made to work hard for his place in the third round.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
The Dutchman won the league and cup double in his first season in charge.
Ribery claims Van Gaal lost the players' trust while he was at the club.
He also claims Real Madrid tried to sign him in 2009, only to be persuaded to stay in Germany.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, includes Colombian Jaime Galinski.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
According to his attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Leeds' sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned, the club's disqualified owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed.
The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
Cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan.
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
One of The Osborne's longtime residents, Naomi Guffman, recently told the Post 'I have a poltergeist!'
She thinks the ghost is actually one of the apartment's former tenants, Metropolitan Opera singer Johanna Gadski.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history.
The gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
The Spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of Arteta.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead she stole £78,000 from John and Audrey Air over six years.
Mr Air was too poor to afford a telephone and was in debt for first time.
Lillico has been jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel on Monday, April 13.
It dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Sir Bruce Forsyth said people should not be 'left to suffer'
Veteran entertainer said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than let someone die.
His first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home with dementia.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Sir Bruce said he would like the right to end his life 'with a bit of dignity left'
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan.
Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Ben Gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
He did not bat or keep wicket in his last game for the second string.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
It was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which he has been seen partying hard.
The 23-year-old was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City have dropped down to fourth in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on United.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour.
The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National at Aintree this week.
The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement.
McCoy's solitary Grand National triumph was on Don't Push It in 2010.
Aintree will line the parade ring with banners from AP's 20 Grand Nationals.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area.
Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists had vanished.
The couple still haven't been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties.
In June, it's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles.
Joe Anderson, 56, campaigned against austerity while being paid £80,000 salary.
He claimed he provided Chesterfield High School with 'kudos' for being linked to him.
But when school stopped payments in 2011, he tried to sue them.
Claimed discrimination because of his 'philosophical belief' in public service.
Mr Anderson rejected employment tribunal ruling against him and took case to appeal.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder.
He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail.
Mr Cunningham had the mental age of a child and was running away from an Army patrol when he was killed.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
Condon has been advised to call time on his career.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date.
The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Australian Medical Association WA president Michael Gannon said the latest revelations will further damage the hospitals public image.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's 2-0 win at St Mirren.
The Celtic striker was on the substitutes bench during the match.
Manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in their Copa America warm-up in New Jersey.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance was blocked.
Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina in the first-half.
Group of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a California gas station early on Saturday morning.
Group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched.
The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
The 29-year-old was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup was filmed lifting up the toilet seat.
He then hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms, snow, hail and 70mph winds on December 15.
A ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the Saab 2000 plane’s nose, then travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail.
The aircraft landed safely in Aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries.
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps.
Investigators are examining his computer to determine his state of mind.
They believe he may have spiked his captain's coffee to force him into the toilet.
Lubitz remained silent during the final eight minutes of the flight.
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol.
He would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family'
Married businessman had 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in girls.
Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes.
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left Karen Murray, 31, with 18 injuries.
He punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault.
The couple were staying at the Carronbridge Hotel, in the Campsie Fells.
They were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle.
But the event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi.
When they got back to their room Howie began to shout and swear at Miss Murray.
Half an hour later the couple heard a male voice saying 'open the door, I'll
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws.
He is now under house arrest at their Ruskin, Florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone.
On Monday, he called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across D.C. and his safe landing on the lawn.
Mr Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the guarded building.
Short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water.
The video is based on an actual event when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing in the Hudson River in 2009.
Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat on Test Match Special.
Graeme Swann said Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse.
Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
The video of Adam dancing with the unsuspecting homeowner has been viewed around 1.5million times.
Brent Council refused to pay for a live-in carer to stay with Robert Clark.
The 96-year-old spent his £50,000 life savings on his care.
Now, the council want to move him into a care home because it is cheaper.
But Help for Heroes has launched a JustGiving page to help him.
They have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed.
Any extra money will go towards the care of other former servicemen and women.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
The alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Martistee of Bainbridge, Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
Authorities said hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near Spinnaker Beach Club on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman.
Former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Jimmy Anderson took 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record.
England had to settle for a draw on the fifth day of the first Test in Antigua.
Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn his side a deserved draw.
Anderson has had ups and downs since claiming Mark Vermeulen as his first Test victim 12 years ago at Lord's.
Liverpool are top of the Premier League with six games to go.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games.
City have nine points fewer than at this stage last season.
Manuel Pellegrini has come under mounting pressure following a poor run of results.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June.
The four-time Olympic champion will attempt to ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race on Sunday.
The South African comedian was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies.
Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol.
Her body parts were found at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for her murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice.
Blunder at pensions office in Essen, in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Woman was ordered to pay more three quadrillion pounds in pension contributions.
£3.35 billion is enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
In most English speaking countries, including UK, the American system is accepted.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Bond is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego – he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next Bond movie, Spectre.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities.
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.
Some farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation, others need a caretaker to look after the farm and some need skilled labour to help during busy harvest times.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
She was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese.
But she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up in the port town of Sasebo.
Her father Bryant Stanfield, 43, said his face hurt from non-stop smiling.
Ariana says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent'
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident.
Reynolds who is married to actress Blake Lively became the father of a baby girl, James, in December.
James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training.
But evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his Madrid goals in the Santiago Bernabeu.
He has also found the net 60 times in the Champions League for the club.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams.
The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin gave the Gunners the lead with a superb left-foot curling effort.
Olivier Giroud doubled the lead in stoppage time.
Raheem Sterling failed to capitalise when put in on goal.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago.
The Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and seven towns with another man on the hood of his car.
Harvard claims the man, Steven Sutton, 36, of Pittsburgh, confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale, Pennsylvania.
The two men started fighting over the fact that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home, Harvard claims.
Australian diet guru Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious, and five worst breads Australian consumers can buy.
Baker's Delight Cape Seed and Burgen's Soy Lin were highly recommended.
The nutritionist said there is a distinct difference in the nutritional value of white and grain bread, there's also a disparity in the glycaemic index (GI)
This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your diet.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning.
The 58-year-old was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks near an Illinois train station.
She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November 2015.
She was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
Ms McKenzie organised a payment plan with ‘The Bridal Centre’
She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations.
The brides-to-be banded together to create a Facebook page that would allow them to 'connect' and'support each other'
Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for refuelling.
Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off'
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday to ensure longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.
Gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham on February 7.
Arsenal hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002.
Manchester City sit second on the list, having put together a 12-game winning run under Sir Alex Ferguson between March and August 2000.
Father reveals his daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying them.
He has written an open letter to South Gloucestershire council pleading for action.
The father, only known as John, has called on council to do more to tackle drug dealing in its schools.
Robbie Williams has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension.
The 41-year-old singer angered Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals.
He wanted to build a new one in an underground extension but has since backtracked.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night.
The 26-year-old teacher went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years.
Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were flooded with images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday.
The official attendance of 47,427 is understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend.
Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a target for Liverpool.
The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and Sevilla.
He has also impressed at the FIFA Under 20 World Cup with France.
Liverpool were heavily linked with him before leaving Sevilla in 2013.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain are all interested.
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
They received a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards.
He was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
Beer expert Peter Nixon, drinks expert at Dan Murphy's, has shared his top wine pairings, from budget options to mid-range and high-end.
The spice component of cinnamon and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic Australian Rutherglen Liquer Muscat.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
He wants to oversee the development of a squad lacking in top-flight experience.
The West Ham starting XI included six summer signings.
Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before.
Woman jumped onto bonnet of Honda as carjacker attempted to drive off at speed.
But passer-by produced gun and fired shot at the thief.
Suspect was taken to hospital where he is recovering.
Manhunt launched to find three alleged accomplices who fled the scene.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
27-year-old from Tamworth, Staffordshire, weighed just 6st at the time.
Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
She says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her confidence to overcome depression.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February due to knee problems.
The 68-year-old left the west London club with immediate effect.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
Former West Ham, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Southampton and Tottenham manager says he would relish another crack at a full-time job.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edwin Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly four weeks.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, a fourth-grader at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident.
In video released by police, Barway says 'there's my dad and there's my uncle'
In a March 25 interview with the Star Tribune, the family's spokesman said
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire.
Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
He has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in Thursday's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at last 16.
Simeone believes there are no English clubs left in Europe this season.
Atletico will be without Karim Benzema, Gareth Bale and Luka Modric.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight wants to avoid losing successive fights.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'
But heritage experts branded the move'misguided'
Similar experiments will take place at nine other venues around the country.
A woman who boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road.
She was'shocked' that the behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full.
The driver has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates, and could face possible penalties including termination or retraining depending on his work history.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track.
His father Michael has won the Formula 1 championship seven times.
Teenager's father is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in Switzerland.
Ricky Gervais tweeted picture of Extreme Huntress winner Rebecca Francis.
Grandmother-of-nine is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures.
She is only the second woman to achieve the 'Grand Slam of North America'
Mend said to have boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' at election.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
Chief executive Sufyan Ismail said to be in talks with Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand, France, South Africa, USA, Canada and Sweden.
There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow.
Chris Smalling has joined Twitter just days before Manchester City clash.
The 25-year-old is quickly establishing himself as one of the best defenders in England.
Manchester United are four points behind Arsenal in the Champions League.
Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world.
He has posted pictures of himself counting money and of his expensive timepiece.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
One in six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim.
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
Another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near North America, Antarctica and NZ are most likely to die out.
Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions.
He proposes that the rate of extinction will speed up in line with rising temperatures.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on London-bound track.
Some cars were forced into central barrier and one man needed treatment.
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG on Tuesday night.
The Barcelona midfielder played for 148th time in the competition.
Xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total if he faces Atletico on Wednesday night.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
John Terry scored a late goal to put the Blues 13 points clear.
Didier Drogba equalised for the Foxes at half-time.
Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side after the game.
'John' posted advert in window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality'
The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life where it went viral.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Lesbians4Hillary is the nation's largest lesbian political action committee.
Co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King.
King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group 'Women for Hillary' in 2008.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
He said: 'When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall, is that right?'
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old club.
The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was national champion for his age group.
The Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice were joined by the Queen at Windsor for an Easter Sunday service.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while Beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation.
With them, and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose, was Autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one.
They grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets.
Samantha Wills welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
'He looked battered, bruised and I really didn't think he was going to survive when I found him but
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Eramo has hired a law firm that specializes in defamation cases, but has not said what her legal plans are.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph.
She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit.
Hagon had already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003.
He had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice legal limit.
Judge David Turner branded Hagon’s driving ‘madness’
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday.
He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional.
The 1904 Victorian house in San Francisco was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother's corpse for at least five years.
The property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4.
Realtors have priced the single-story property at a cool $2.5 million.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old came off the bench to spark into life.
Griffiths has scored 15 goals for Celtic this season.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
The defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.
Bennett will come face-to-face with Graham on Sunday.
Gary Hooper scored a stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion.
Former Celtic striker Hooper came off the bench to score the winner.
Norwich remain second in the Championship after drawing with Bolton.
David and Samantha Cameron were 'falling apart' with pressure of caring for son.
Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder.
It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits.
He died aged six in 2009.
Mr Cameron said: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'
A 50-year-old man will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
He is also charged with enter dwelling with intent, contravention of domestic violence order, driving whilst disqualified, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson.
John Wild was found guilty of racially abusing former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown.
Wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work.
Easy-to-assemble options such as cheese and crackers, to more complicated steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches.
The site also has more complicated options for those who have time on their hands and want to experiment.
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness were down to 10 men when David Raven scored.
Caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
Former Falkirk captain and manager Hughes will take on his former club.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a 1984 gig.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Photographer Seph Lawless, 37, who has lived in Cleveland all his life, took these incredible pictures.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring in the eighth and 88th minutes for the hosts.
David de Gea made it 2-0 in the second half after conceding an early goal.
Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Daley Blind and Juan Mata were all excellent for United.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said the Colorado Springs Police Department.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon argue that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Hoover once caught a fish there.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona.
The 20-year-old right back left the Catalan giants four years ago.
Bellerin scored the opener for Arsenal against Liverpool on Saturday.
PSG and Man United target Dani Alves could leave the club this summer.
Nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland.
The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast.
Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's funeral.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of mourners.
Some mourners appeared to be more interested in filming the sexy dancers.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges, officers have decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Mr Clarkson is still set to appear in Top Gear Live shows alongside Richard Hammond and James May.
Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph’s winner.
Grealish could not wait to share his excitement with Villa fans.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The Briton is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad.
John Degenkolb won the Paris-Roubaix in 18th place.
Wiggins became the first rider to take first in the Milan San Remo and Paris-CoubaIX in the same year since Sean Kelly back in 1986.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split.
Their engagement was confirmed last November.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City's game against Lincoln City.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
The former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is a free agent.
Eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career.
Several properties were littered with debris on Monday morning.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank.
FAA said it is'very rare' for anything to fall from an aircraft.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics.
She now works as a life coach and writer for the Huffington Post.
Has appeared on the cover of the Romanian Playboy.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 during Chelsea’s 1-0 defeat at Loftus Road.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey thinks the issue has been dealt with.
Ramsey revealed Rio Ferdinand won't be fit in time for a reunion with Terry.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
The court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself.
Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the report.
She was shot at 'intermediate' range, meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
The 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies.
Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat.
His wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, 21, and her sister, 19, were gunned down.
Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He is accused of shooting dead a man who worked in the school's print shop.
The single bullet fired on Monday morning killed Rodney Lane, who was a long-time employee.
It is not known whether Stancill and Lane are connected or related.
Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history.
The 29-year-old knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
United have lost their last four meetings against their rivals.
David Alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi.
Khan is the stand-by for the Filipino boxer had Floyd Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century.
If Khan wins his interim bout with Chris Algieri in New York next month, all that would appear to stand between him and his long-awaited mega-fight is the outside chance of a re-match.
Floyd Mayweather will end his six-fight deal with Showtime in September.
Andrew Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005.
They were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches, after being disillusioned by their jobs.
The pair were arrested at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Lawrence and Stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs.
Both men were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast, scales and plastic wrap.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy suffers from Anophthalmia, a rare condition which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
Ms Davis said: 'We want to give Daisy as normal a life as possible'
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.
But researchers found 38 per cent of those taking drugs didn't meet the criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either.
Study looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI)
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors.
But only two agreed to deals.
In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
They'll also serve five years on probation.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa.
A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not fail the English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Floyd Mayweather has added a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his sports car collection.
The 38-year-old boxer will take on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight.
Yaya Toure is expected to leave Manchester City this summer.
The Ivorian has struggled to impose himself on the field.
Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
He has been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt is the fastest man of all time, but Gay is close behind him.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company.
Microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new Windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on Apple or Android phones.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
New 'Edge' browser is faster and more useful than the Internet Explorer that Microsoft has offered for the last 20 years.
Brent Council said it cannot afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London.
This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But he was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace.
They are preparing for the imminent birth of their new baby, MailOnline can reveal.
William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks' paternity leave.
Until today the second in line to the throne had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting.
Rona Fairhead has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period'
She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated March 20.
It marks a change in position for the bank, which said in its annual report that Mrs Fairhead would again stand for re-election.
Sandstorm wrecked havoc across the area last week, causing traffic accidents and the cancellation of hundreds of flights.
Images show the vast sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates and reaching as far east as India and Pakistan.
It began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern Saudi Arabia before it consolidated and began moving southeastward across the peninsula.
The following day, it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in Dubai.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range.
It becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly.
Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C.
Experts at the Home Office's Centre for Applied Science and Technology will lead the inquiry.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28.
Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Richards was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south April 11.
Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel was the one German leader in the Second World War who the British regarded with honour.
He gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa.
Rommel, nicknamed the Desert Fox, also became an iconic wartime figure – and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series.
But all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
The Duchess of Cambridge's sister said that she ate whale at the Juvet Landscape Hotel in north-west Norway.
She said that the meat was served in a 'convivial atmosphere on a large communal table'
Campaigners have long called for a crackdown, arguing the hunting process is 'unimaginably cruel and inhumane'
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
State-run website says he greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting Havana.
Four images show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
The encounters were reported in Cuban media on Friday, though the encounters were said to take place on Monday.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on Wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in.
The couple were recently divorced and Keltsie lived in her Utah apartment alone with her daughter.
Keltsie was found in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season.
But he wasn't rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team.
Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer.
The 20-year-old was called into the fray for Belgium against Israel.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia on Wednesday.
They will now face Juventus in the final on June 7.
Senad Lulic scored the winner for Lazio against Napoli.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
It will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the Vivienne Westwood store.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, married Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital Bandar Seri Begawan.
The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other.
Malaysian state rulers and the governor of Saudi Arabia were in attendance, and this is the
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Hinton is expected to be released from the Jefferson County Jail on Friday morning.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the game.
United's website declared the city was red once more in the space of 90 minutes.
Sportsmail's verdict on the issues: Is Manchester red again?
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season.
The video was recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year.
It shows each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.
Released on April 20, which is affectionately referred to as 420, a day widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after tip.
Police received anonymous tip regarding welfare of their children, 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four.
When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, they discovered youngsters locked in'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with urine and feces and had homemade 'gate'
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
During the three-minute video, Detective Cherry shouts at the driver, screaming, 'I don't know where you're coming from, where you think you're appropriate in doing that'
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images.
They helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word.
US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary.
John Terry made the short trip across London to face QPR.
The Chelsea skipper racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
Terry played the full 90 minutes however as Chelsea scraped a 1-0 win.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
E
BBC chiefs fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs.
They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.
But revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee.
Viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying for them.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos.
It is followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641.
The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickelson and another mercurial American in Moore.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The 33-year-old was forced to stop drinking and battle a gambling addiction.
Hartson says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds.
He said the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded.
Hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch Clarkson oversee the auction.
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less.
They offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs done mainly by women.
Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system.
He found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, on Wednesday.
He was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21.
Taylor beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV.
Police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck.
Officers chased Taylor three blocks before he was apprehended.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4, when it was published in 1982.
The book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies.
Poland international Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea.
The 25-year-old has one year left on his current deal.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
Surgeons operating to extract the growth discovered it was a teratoma.
The growth contained bone, hair and teeth and is very rare.
Dr Hrayr Shahinian has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs an online support group for LGBT teenagers.
She receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
The welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson.
Joe Arpaio, who calls himself ‘America’s Toughest Sheriff’, and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Montenegro is from Queens, New York, and studies at Valencia Community College.
The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles.
She was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
The story was written in her 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies.
It bore the inscription: 'To my dear Mamma, this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by her affectionate daughter, Victoria'
Raheem Sterling is at loggerheads with Liverpool over a new deal.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling.
The Spanish giants have splashed the cash on Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane.
Sterling has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
Tom Sturridge has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011.
The 29-year-old is set to star in the West End play American Buffalo.
He counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends.
Also starring alongside Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers.
He bought 365 pairs so he could slip into 'crisp pair' every day.
But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers'
He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres.
Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.
Since then, paramedics have said the crash would have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver.
Now the dad-of-one believes someone was watching over him that day.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon left door open to second referendum before 2020.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run.
Opponents claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' on a referendum.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Arsenal's Arsene Wenger said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, was addicted to the energy drink since 2009.
She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure.
The law student spent a staggering £5,460 every year on the drink.
Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams.
After seeing hypnotherapist earlier this month, she claims she has been cured of her addiction thanks to one 50-minute session.
Clermont were thrashed 37-5 by English champions in European Rugby Champions Cup.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session.
The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc's side lost the first leg 3-1 to Barcelona in Paris.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension.
Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for 20 years.
The Queen, then aged 86, was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
Prince William described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
But her sense of humour remains undiminished as she turns 89 today.
Darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at three and a half stone.
But his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
The Ivory Coast midfielder turns 32 next month.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Toure a five-year contract.
Scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik.
The pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat.
However, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
Sutcliffe says he knew chairman Stafford Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Leila Alavi was found stabbed to death in a car park in Sydney's west.
The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra with initial examination suggesting Ms Alavi had suffered a knife wound to the throat.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target.
Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town are also interested.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed her penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend.
Instead of ordering her back to the spot, awarded a free-kick to Norway.
Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began.
The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station.
Martinhal Beach Resort is one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
The resort boasts a fine-dining restaurant and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park.
Couples can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice, and enjoy a classy breakfast.
Exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds.
They said it would ‘make content more contemporary’
Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday.
The 21-year-old winger jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great'
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People.
The due date is November first, their wedding anniversary.
Anna, who is married to eldest Duggar Josh, is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, a baby girl due in July.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan'
He will say: 'We will deal with people's concerns because we have listened'
But shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
During Labour's 13 years in power, foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
The Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Property prices soared by 10% in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5%.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6% over the next year.
It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Pacquiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here.
Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover.
The ex Bon Jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'
Sambora's shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
Under Californian law making criminal threats can be a felony offence punishable by up to four years in jail.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA.
Anton may no longer be at Loftus Road, but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby drew 4-4 with Huddersfield.
The on-loan Hull player is currently on loan at Derby.
Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in thrilling game.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in overtime.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt.
Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 in final regular season game.
Dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic.
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle.
She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings.
Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
Chocolate isn’t the only temptation around Easter time with two hot cross buns containing around 1800 kilojules.
A man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes.
If you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain, ladies you'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off.
Missie Smile, known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman'
The 'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice in Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat of Reading.
The Chile international has scored 22 goals in all competitions.
Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
Arsene Wenger's side host Chelsea in the FA Cup final on Sunday.
Jimmy Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test.
The England bowler moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Rory McIlroy could become sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
McIlroy's ambitions are unlike Chelsea's relentless win-at-all-costs manager Jose Mourinho.
Paul McGinley, Europe's Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire, says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport.
John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play in Blackburn's FA Cup fifth round replay.
The 21-year-old midfielder was on loan at Barnsley last month.
Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use him.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
Arsene Wenger has benefited from the £3.2m signing of David Ospina.
Ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital.
Graphic designer Lesia Biloshytska, who was at the station, said how passengers screamed when the young man was hit.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift.
The incident left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
The iconic children's classic aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch.
Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
The Information Commissioner's Office registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them.
One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unknown to Alex, Daniel had erected a series of signs.
Together they read: 'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on.
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme.
Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
It means the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
A CT scan proved Ava had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old.
In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull.
She was released from hospital and Ms Ciach said she was amazed by her daughter's resilience.
Seven months after her surgery Ava, now six
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips.
They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
She gave birth in her mom's bed and did not take the newborn to the hospital.
The baby was taken to Sunrise Hospital Medical Center in a critical condition and staff alerted police.
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Under 12s in the Mediterranean International Cup.
The former Liverpool defender flew out to watch James play in the famous youth tournament.
Carragher was a columnist for Sportsmail and a pundit for Sky Sports.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his Saab 93 in a side street before the race.
He was unable to remember where he had parked it after five hours 11 minutes.
Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the marathon route.
But he eventually gave up and got a train back to his home in the Midlands.
Good Samaritan Adam Coppin gave up his day off to join the search.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to upmarket street in London on Tuesday.
But when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat and shot him several times.
Killer thought to have used silencer and took place away from CCTV cameras.
Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers investigating whether he was murdered.
Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and co-founder, said the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed.
For U.S. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open causing cash to spill.
Police have warned anyone caught with the cash will be prosecuted.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine.
She was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine.
Her friend Andrew Chan, 33, is expected to be put to death on Tuesday.
Sandiford has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at his investiture ceremony.
He sent Metropolitan Police officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists.
The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and the Free Wales Army (FWA)
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'
He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered.
The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Researchers hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and Marc, 15, drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000.
In the shooting, Jean was shot dead.
Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market in Poole, Dorset.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom - a move which has trebled the value of the plot.
The homes have been built on a 3,000sqm plot, which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house.
David Cameron warns voters they have '11 days to save Britain'
Says Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed'
But Lib Dem Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire'
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is still neck and neck.
Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night.
TV cameras captured the moment he was hauled away by police following the game.
Muliaina earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup.
Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Jose Mourinho's side have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004.
Porto received 55.6 per cent of their transfer fee in the last 11 years.
Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg, who got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war.
Her adoptive parents were told what to write and they handed over $500 to complete the transaction in Butte, Montana.
Jaime Singleton saw a baby elephant tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year.
The change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!', has received 50,627 signatures.
Another resort in Thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding an elephant around its swimming pool.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
He will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, it is claimed.
Notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states.
These disturbances are thought to likely involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash with Aston Villa.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Nico Rosberg finished ahead of Hamilton in the championship.
Hamilton was absolved of any blame by Mercedes bosses Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda.
Rita Ora has collaborated with adidas Originals.
The 24-year-old singer is a best-selling singer, actress and beauty buff.
Her new range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints.
Rita recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday night.
Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox said Lerner was delighted.
Fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games illegally.
He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
Instead he showed Albanian transmissions of matches which he thought was legal.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Retired engineer Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe, including sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares.
Queen Letizia was joined by husband King Felipe at the Casa Real in Madrid.
The Spanish royal was attending her second awards show in two days.
Last night she was presented with a prize at the Woman Awards.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours.
Chaos erupted at an Easter egg hunt in Sacramento on Sunday.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded.
Organisers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies are eight points above the relegation zone.
Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi final on Sunday.
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance.
David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from 'disaster'
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was arrested with eight relatives in a remote Turkish border town.
It is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman.
The majority of the family flew to Turkey on March 27 from Manchester.
They are accused of having plans to try and sneak across the border into Syria.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains.
He was struck by a falling icicle causing a collection of blood under the skin.
The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising.
In order to get back to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself.
Using items in his first aid kit, he rubbed snow on his leg to numb the injury.
Then, he burns a scalpel on a gas torch to make it sterile.
Beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple.
There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops but there is talk of mass production if the drink proves popular.
Xu spent 12,000 yuan (£1,311) buying a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties.
Six months after he'married' into the family, Xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all.
After spending six months trying to get Wang pregnant, he realised the young bride was likely to be infertile.
The wife, known as Wang, was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant.
Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of eastern China.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
The great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers.
At her 117th birthday party last month she said that her life had seemed 'rather short'
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
To control the condition, Caitlin was given hypothermia to keep her alive.
It allowed the brain to cool down and minimise the damage from the lack of oxygen.
Thankfully Caitlin, now 10 months old, recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are being added to traditional models' portfolios.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
Instagram influencers and bloggers are now being snapped up by agencies capitalising on their following.
General Manager Paul Thomas says it's all about the elusive 'cool girl' appeal.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
He was rescued after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom.
Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March.
They had looked everywhere - even hanging up notices in surrounding streets.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
He was sentenced to 55 years' jail in 2002 for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest.
In August that year, he was moved from Sydney's Long Bay after fellow inmates threatened to inject him with HIV-
Some Manchester City fans have been told their season cards will cost £1,750.
But the club say the change is due to upgrades which have come in.
Some fans claim City are abusing their loyalty.
City have slumped to fourth this season after some poor performances.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash on Tuesday morning.
The 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle.
Henyekanes made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks.
The findings are part of a series of scientific results obtained by scientists analyzing data collected by the Philae lander and its mothership Rosetta.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on a virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo.
Google has stepped in to showcase as much of this history to the public as possible, in a range of ways.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65.
Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to live at home with his mother.
He used to work as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria.
Entitled 'Dealing with sisters and social media', the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies.
Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
It's not the first time abuse allegations have surfaced at St Ignatius' College Riverview.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Aaron Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Mitchell and his passenger, Rayvorris Altuan Oliver, 27, fled the scene following the crash.
Mr Davis died at the scene and his co-worker, Brian Lee LaFrance, was treated and released from Bayfront Health St Petersburg.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow.
If the weather holds out, SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean.
Main aim of the flight is to deliver more than 4,300lb (1,950
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race.
But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them.
The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing.
Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks.
Brett Robinson, 33, faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Officers from Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.
But victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘a joke’
Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people.
The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint.
Soldiers had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path.
Officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side are without Mehdi Benatia and Arjen Robben.
Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined.
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she had accepted bribes.
She was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister Ion Ariton.
Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation.
Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record.
Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16.
River Plate beat Bolivian side San Jose 3-0 on Wednesday.
Duchess of Cambridge has worn Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS.
The mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours.
Kate is also a huge fan of Séraphine, a small Anglo-French label.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
The exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further.
GetUp launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap, while drawing inspiration from similar
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station.
The quadruple rainbow appears to be formed of two pairs next to each other.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will appear in new comedy show, Newzoids.
They will be joined by Prince Harry and a roster of celebrities.
The six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney, Beyonce and Paul Hollywood.
Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South.
The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
Her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the flu sooner.
The 28-year-old's baby died in utero three
Inter held to goalless draw in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Juan Jesus made his first appearance for the Nerazzurri after just 11 minutes.
Gary Medel was booked for a foul on Suso after just 51 seconds.
Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal but it was ruled out.
Tiger Woods showed up to the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Vonn's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by Bubba Watson's wife Angie.
Other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids, and Rory McIlroy even brought One Directioner Niall Horan along for the day's events.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer but will continue working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
West Ham could do with having the striker right now, having only won one in their last 11.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she gave birth in Benidorm.
Couple have now been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up his strength.
Mr Jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps, is meant to report back for service tomorrow.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
The Arsenal striker is France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins.
Thierry Henry, Eric Cantona and Nicolas Anelka have all won the award.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss.
Feline loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'
The cat fancier also wants to combine her love of cats with her body art habit.
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
Delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller lost their 17-month-old daughter, Rowyn, in September last year.
Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over Rowyn.
The two helped each other through the tragedy, which occurred on September 16.
They have now started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief.
Letter sent to family of James Moody, 24, who died on board Titanic.
Company bosses demand £20 - equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return body.
They say it will be family's job to pay for him to be transported to morgue.
Mr Moody was on watch when ship struck iceberg and later helped passengers into lifeboats.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Taking to the witness box to give evidence at London's Southwark Crown Court today, Mee firmly denied the allegations.
He branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
Grant Shapps accused of changing pages to promote himself and damage rivals.
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as ‘Contribsx’, after finding evidence it said suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Mr Shapps has denied the allegations claiming they were part of an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, Michigan, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday morning.
Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles in connection to the killing of Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van, authorities said.
Damani's brother, Rasheed, was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident. He later died at a hospital.
The jury that voted Wednesday to send former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez to prison for life sat down for a group interview on Thursday with CNN's Anderson Cooper.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
But they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Miranda.
The Brazilian centre back has revealed he is 'proud' to be linked with a move.
Miranda has started Brazil's last eight matches since missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 World Cup.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's training ground methods are superior to previous management's.
The Ibrox winger is full of praise for the impact McCall has had.
Templeton says he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
It was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions.
Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. However, first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow.
Seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are being auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
They include a jumper and matching shorts set worn by Debbie Turner as Marta, two lederhosen-style outfits with straps worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich.
The costumes are expected to fetch $800,000 at the auction.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Benedict Cumberbatch, Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average British living room.
Manny Pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
The boxer's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m)
Pacquiao was visited by Sylvester Stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on Saturday.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning.
His head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users.
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm.
His Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective.
In one case, a house had rotted so badly it had mushrooms growing from it.
A spokesman for Pitt could not be reached for comment last night.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, was friends with Robert Durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Schuler said Durst was'very infatuated with the drag queens that performed, and their hair and their make-up'
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, uploaded video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car.
James had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he finally gave in.
The video has gone viral, attracting more than 3million views since it was posted four days ago.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Earlier this year he sold a £20million townhouse to a company owned by himself.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at.
Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider case closed.
Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
She is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack in 2012.
Alpha kangaroo Roger was gifted a soft toy bunny by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
The alpha male was rescued in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway.
LeBron James says drills at the dentist are the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season.
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday.
James delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home.
He also takes some credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in basement of Fulham cafe as bricks fell.
But miraculously she was not seriously injured and was taken to hospital.
She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up a prescription.
As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards.
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to secure promotion to League Two.
Martin Allen's side will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
The win ensures Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.
Stancil initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denies murder.
He denies murdering three and poisoning 18 others at Stepping Hill Hospital.
Pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all, including three alleged murders.
Court heard he wrote about 'a devil in me', going'straight to hell' and being 'an evil person'
Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for the Shanghai Grand Prix.
The Briton finished 0.042secs ahead of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Spain striker aggravated the problem in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday.
Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season, starting with the clash against Crystal Palace on May 3.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed.
He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
Koby was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham in 2012.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday.
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Ian Botham.
Anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
The fast bowler is about to become England’s leading Test wicket-taker of all time.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
In retaliation, the pair quips that they are the best goalkeeper of all time.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress.
The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why Scott ran.
The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines.
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
If Arsenal repeat their 2014 FA Cup triumph, they stand to pocket £1.8million in prize money.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group.
It is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed there.
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to shake the hand of Monaco coach.
Jardim claimed Wenger was 'disrespectul' in the first leg.
Monaco beat Arsenal 3-1 in the second round of the Champions League.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual advances by six women.
He has strongly denied the accusations in an interview with CNN.
'Women likes me. Women loves me,' he said.
Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers.
Since 2013, six women have stepped forward to accuse him of unwanted sexual advances.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts.
Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused.
Jones believes the mishap cost him the fight as he kept thinking, 'Man, my cell phone just fell out in the ring – and on TV!'
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by Kenneth Ward, 67.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure.
He has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG.
Seven women believed they were in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state.
But they were being duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
She had taken the identity of a Montana student named Keagan, who the women had a chance to meet on Dr Phil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2.
The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves.
Mayweather averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp.
He doesn't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses BBQ sauce.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, study claims.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, research claims.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps.
South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up xenophobic hatred.
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Steve Heighway predicted the midfielder would be a success in 1992.
Gerrard has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood team.
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
They have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
He claims to have worked with No Doubt singer Stefani since 1997.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill after the attack.
She said she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted.
Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack in March.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life.
The suspect's wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911.
AC Milan have slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from husband Michael.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1m.
Ms Mone, 43, will move back into five-bedroom mansion in Lanarkshire.
In 2010, she was at centre of row with neighbours over plans to add sauna.
Five residents objected to her proposals and one said development would 'completely dwarf' rest of street.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court charged with murder.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged.
Miss Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing following a night out.
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow earlier this week.
Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham.
The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer.
Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by the Magpies.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace wants between £150million and £200million.
The Baggies are on the market with groups from America, Australia and the Far East believed to be interested in buying the club.
Tony Pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by July.
More than 1,200 people were arrested during a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside Waitrose.
They fled police in stolen Audi after nearby residents reported sparks flying.
When they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth a list of ATMs was found.
The thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed them as they tore up the northbound carriageway of the M42 in the stolen car.
Members of the gang used a circular saw, crowbars and a hydraulic cutter - known as an angle grinder - usually used by firefighters to rescue people from car crashes.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
She suddenly collapsed and doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR.
The teen then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Now recovering at home in Leigh, Essex, despite her mother being told to expect the worst.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season.
Arsene Wenger's side have the same record as they did at this stage last year.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have same record.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Jermain Defoe scored his third goal for the Black Cats.
The 32-year-old looked overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf.
Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
He revealed the Hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically.
Maggio initially pretended a friend had handled the star's adoption hearing.
When a poster asked if she had adopted a black child, he said that she had. Such proceedings are confidential in Arkansas.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks on Instagram.
The model, 29, received praise from her fans for the picture.
Pink hit back at critics who criticised her weight at an event.
She said that she felt beautiful in her dress.
Didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season.
The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012.
But the Blues legend's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract.
Drogba insists he tried to give the best of his physical capacity against QPR.
The mansion was built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side have won seven on the spin in the Premier League.
The Gunners have not conceded more than once in the league since New Year’s Day.
Wenger's policy of chasing the best British talent could be on the way out.
The Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire was named eighth best restaurant in the world.
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal also made it into the top 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retained its crown for the fourth year running.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Miss Gerber's sister Rone Odendaal, 24, stopped to take pictures of the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches.
But it ran straight for the road instead before running into the side of her car.
The buffalo caused around £11,000 worth of damage to the car.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder during a rugby union match on Saturday.
He was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW.
The young man had been living in Sydney while studying at Sydney University.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
The group included professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
They were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
But crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them.
Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts handed out by councils.
In December last year director of finance at Doncaster Council admitted to still having 300 relief workers on their books.
Man, who has not been identified, shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood.
Police revealed it was not the first time he had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises just days after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car.
But despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted at 2.15pm near the water slides.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15.
One woman said she saw him as a father figure after he helped her join Army.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one rape.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson.
The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency.
Dubai started construction on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.
New York Wheel will offer stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night.
Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 (£17 to £20)
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents.
They were told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby.
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain.
He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide after a night out.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish has not been fined over the incident and will be in Villa’s squad for the trip to Manchester City.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder.
The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
Stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., also hugged the man and said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, was charged with Scott's murder
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2hr 15min 25sec.
Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot, which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago.
The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night.
The glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' champion.
Evans had led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front.
She reeled off three frames in a row to close out the game.
Doherty, now ranked No 46 in the world, has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the Crucible.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Liverpool are currently ninth in the Bundesliga with five matches to play.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012.
Her pain continued to return every time she tried to eat anything, leading her to visit two more hospitals in search of a new diagnosis and a cure.
Three months after her first visit to the emergency room, she was finally diagnosed with acute pancreatitis, a condition that commonly effects heavy drinkers.
She spent a year and a half abstaining from eating entirely, which was an incredibly trying ordeal for both her and her fiancé Dustin Wood.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, with all of its 82 rooms facing the Douro river and almost every one themed after a Portuguese winery.
The hotel is located in Vila Nova de Gaia; it is separated from Porto by the river, which spills into the Atlantic Ocean.
Guests can take advantage of the immaculate lobby, accentuated with a statue of Bacchus, the Roman god of wine.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame'
But William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator.
About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters south of the Italian island of Lampedusa.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes.
The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
The 23-year-old missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue.
Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her father.
She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away.
The next time the NASA employee was up in space, she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the International Space Station.
Her father took a picture of the image from space to show his daughter that her plan had worked.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest.
She says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention.
The simple act of blinking can also make someone aware that you're attracted to them.
Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home, Kincora.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr.
Mr Kerr claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini.
Zouma started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final.
The French centre back has become an emergency option for United.
Details of contract signed between Blair and Colombian government in 2013.
It includes a requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America.
Mr Blair last week defended earning money since leaving Downing Street.
But critics have questioned the role of a former PM working for other sovereign states.
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in Kendall, NSW last September.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
Detectives from homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace'
The news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
The
London-based designer claims to have made the world’s safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
Designer Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo.
The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
If a truck or bus comes into contact with the bike, it will hit the roll cage first.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
He allegedly touched the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a Sydney rap concert.
The incident escalated when Hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off.
It was then the girl was successful in getting away from him.
Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times.
Jafar Adeli was caught by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a 14-year-old girl.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, he was confronted by police.
Video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials.
The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She published her first cookbook, Amy's Baking Year, at age 13.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
The talented young baker has plans to launch her own baking products.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs.
The number has come down by 11g - the equivalent of two Chocolate Fingers.
In most cases, price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut.
But in some rare examples the change comes with a price rise.
Sainsbury's has risen from £1 to £1.50 over the past year.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
He had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard.
Coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Dr Clare Balysz said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened.
She called for change in law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her son to death before stuffing body in suitcase.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years.
Review into whether care teams could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
Labour leader said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax'
But claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one.
Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk.
The Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth - as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping.
Kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and The Mail on Sunday can reveal that the pilot Prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
The winger insists he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed in maroon.
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
But before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested.
His 18-year-old son, Kale,
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment and enjoy a carefree life on the beach.
Their travels take them across the globe, from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Jay has 735,000 followers on tumblr and Alexis has 1.1million on Instagram.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp in the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Barcelona have gone from winning nothing last year to being on the cusp of emulating Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season.
Luis Enrique's side are in the Copa del Rey final, against Athletic Bilbao.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction during rush hour.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water to passengers.
At least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations delayed for 600 hours.
Planned strike by rail workers on Bank Holiday Monday called off.
U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near Baltic Sea.
Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path, Pentagon claims.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Hayley Adams, 29, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56.
She had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing.
But was shocked to discover culprit was trusted relative - and mother.
Adams admitted to taking about £65, North Devon Magistrates' Court told.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg in the dressing room.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3.
The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo.
In each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par.
Lincicombe's first LPGA tour victory since 2011.
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after his side's FA Cup semi-final defeat.
The Reading goalkeeper fumbled Alexis Sanchez's shot to give Arsenal a 2-1 win.
Had Reading reached the final on May 30 it would have clashed with Federici's wedding in Italy to long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner.
A source told the paper: 'No one believes he did it deliberately. But I bet he is wishing he booked his wedding for the weekend after now'
Khadijah Dare, 22, is notorious for threatening to behead a Westerner.
She was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State.
Her mother Victoria Dare, from Lewisham, South London, has issued a plea for her to return home.
Mrs Dare also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child but turned to Islam while at college.
Dare married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived in Syria.
No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday.
Anzac Day is the exception when it comes to public holidays.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a 20 per cent-25 per cent rise in absenteeism on Monday 27.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
The 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
The winner of the 'Industry at work or play' category goes to Jacynta Coffey for her stunning shot titled Sunrise Draft.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
The 26-year-old was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Johnson has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Paul Hartley's side are without a win in three matches themselves.
A planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.
A shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park, between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses.
One shed and one vehicle were engulfed in flames but fortunately no homes were damaged by the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home and it has left her family with many unanswered questions.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Scottish First Minister says Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'
Comes after Miliband insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election.
But Ms Sturgeon said 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast'
Latest polls indicate the General Election race is still neck-and-neck.
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
Premier League puts £168million into grassroots sport.
This represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals.
David Cameron is accused of not keeping his promises and getting tough.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's demolition of Sunderland.
Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for his star to leave Selhurst Park.
Palace boss says his players will be 'difficult to take away'
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home.
They want the council to put its original offer back on the table.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig.
Bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It is aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14 year-olds.
But the question went viral after people across the world were left completely baffled.
The problem, which tests logical reasoning, has been shared thousands of times online.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid against Atletico.
The on-loan Mexican striker was criticised for celebrating alone.
Thierry Henry responded by posting an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Henry said Hernandez owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg will start second with Jenson Button 17th and Fernando Alonso 18th.
Sebastian Vettel qualified third but could threaten Hamilton's supremacy.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home.
He argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
The farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out at the Hancock County courtroom.
Four Swedish cops were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway.
They stopped a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.
One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor of the train.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game.
The Denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped.
Manager Dieter Hecking said that Bendttner would have started the match if he hadn't turned up late for training.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday.
The letter simply said: 'Dear Mr Sutton, Can I stay in Australia please. Tyrone'
Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in
Patrick Bamford scored both goals as Middlesbrough beat Wolves.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the Championship.
Karanka could be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay should they join the West Londoners in the Premier League.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes to give insight into his inspiration for the period drama.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor.
This year it boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments over seven days.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year.
They were born with a rare condition called diprosopus, which means they share the same body and organs but have separate brains and two faces.
Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope, but when parents Simon Howie and Renee Young arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'We were devastated and mortified. We've had a little shrine set up and we've been adding to it since the funeral,' Mr Howie said.
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday.
She is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair.
Friends have posted on social media saying she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court clutching hand of his Filipino wife.
Herminia Garcia, 53, was charged with wilful neglect after death of daughter.
Blanca Cousins, 15, plunged 19 storeys to her death from Hong Kong apartment.
She was arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged her birth had not been registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Washington.
Officials warn there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.
They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say.
The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial.
He is the longest-serving UK resident and has twice been cleared for release.
The Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow autonomous driving.
Samantha says she thinks she's 'fabulous'
She has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left.
Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten by Swansea.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
Study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday.
The 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse.
He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail.
Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match.
The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries.
O'Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour.
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage.
This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
Another highlight of the day was Mr Obama's annual reading of his favorite childhood book Where the Wild Things Are, which he has done since 2009.
The Masters is one of few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night.
Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.
Biso squeezed into hole in wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten.
But soon became to big to escape and was unable to come out again.
Elderly man named Uncle Abdo fed him scraps of food every day.
He even came to feed Biso during the revolution in Egypt in 2011.
Sir John Major said SNP would use power to foster division in Westminster.
He said Nicola Sturgeon is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself.
The SNP leader branded his comments 'an affront to democracy'
But she said SNP MPs could 'vigorously and loudly' support Labour.
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough for the season.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion.
Bamford has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling has struggled to hold down a first-team place at Old Trafford.
He was also branded'stupid' by manager Louis van Gaal for his sending-off in the Manchester derby earlier this season.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters'
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in past two weeks.
Ukip's deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as 'devastating tragedy'
EU leaders will meet in Brussels on Thursday to discuss 10-point plan.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
But Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time.
Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years.
Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
Deacon Ken Bilgrien said the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup, but declined to discuss the controversy.
French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
She is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm - and both images are judged independently by people on the street.
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan.
She later deleted the post and issued an apology on Facebook.
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars.
The group seemed in high spirits after United's 4-2 humiliation of their neighbours City at Old Trafford.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
She was told she only had nine months to three years to live.
But four days before she died, her husband and two daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger.
The family has launched a desperate online appeal to have their mother's ring returned.
Jewellery store SA Gold Diggers has offered a $1000 reward for anyone providing information that leads to finding the missing ring.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho gave Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood almost scored a late equaliser to force extra-time.
Liverpool will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour.
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
Survey of 4,000 British adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem.
Among young professionals, this figure rose to 21 per cent, with 28 per cent of men in this group saying they believe they also have a problem.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week.
She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released early.
The former boxing promoter is now recovering at home with her children.
Transition process has included hormone therapy, electrolysis to remove excess body hair, counselling and voice coaching.
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before squeezing down shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams.
Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping.
The eight-minute raid has been likened to a Mission Impossible film.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The striker scored the winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth.
While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife.
A University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
The student, who asked to remain anonymous, said that she didn't immediately turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her.
She added that money worries meant she began to struggle academically as well as financially.
Despite sex work not being an ideal situation the student says that it had been beneficial towards her studies.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a £25m move to Manchester United.
Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body.
In these Instagram snaps Alice shows off toned arms, something she had previously struggled with.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.
Manuel Pellegrini's side trailed at the interval against Crystal Palace on Monday night.
The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position  was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 having been 2-1 down at the break.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation.
Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend.
The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday.
Paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition.
She was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Last season they were seven points clear at the top of the table.
But they fell away after losing at Aston Villa and Crystal Palace.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
If you can't wangle living there full-time, then Barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination.
No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish, El Peix d'Or, installed to mark the 1992 Olympics.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 2-1 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute.
Thibaut Courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
But a recorded conversation between Weinstein and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill says the best way to cook the perfect steak is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first.
He advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal.
The texture will depend on the quality of the beef and the cut; fillet has the best texture but the least flavour.
A rib-eye has more flavour and more fat, less texture but more flavour.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, Florida, have been charged with child neglect.
The couple locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school, according to authorities.
A 26-year-old relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17- and 12-year old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment.
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the first leg on Wednesday night.
Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
Manchester United won the Champions League in 2008 when English clubs were dominating the latter stages.
Shanice Farier, 22, stole £15,336 from her employer, Kanoo Travel in Derby.
She earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father.
But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, Derby Crown Court heard.
Judge John Burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work.
He said: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets for 10.
Ben Stokes praised his team-mates for their performances.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity.
It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors.
These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
The decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
A flare, hurled from the stands, hit Igor Akinfeev on the head.
Referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City.
The 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa.
Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent soon.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout have slammed the restaurant for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women.
The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January.
The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Spanish giants.
Odegaard has trained with Carlo Ancelotti's first team regularly.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Lord Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast.
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in Downton, and Lily James, who stars in the new Disney cinema hit Cinderella, would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary.
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.
Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on Monday.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Virgil van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title.
The Hoops can reopen an eight-point lead over Aberdeen by winning at Dundee on Wednesday night.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
Ireland legend says it's a money issue for English sides and they need Roman Abramovich style investment.
Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup semi-finals.
Girls at Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real.
Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training to assist them in identifying dangerous situations.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the WBC super-middleweight title.
Jack beat Dirrell 116-112 and 115-113 on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Illinois.
George Groves will fight Jack for the world title as he ismandatory challenger.
The 31-year-old Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards.
Survey on modern families reveals almost a quarter prefer pets to in-laws.
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above grandparents.
Research commissioned by Matalan for Made for Modern Families campaign.
More than one in 10 British families live in 'blended' families.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test.
Captain Alastair Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring.
Ian Bell looked in fluent touch as he was unbeaten on 43 when he retired.
Colin Farrell, 38, has revealed that he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He says he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father.
The Irish actor was once nicknamed the 'Lusty Leprechaun'
He's also the face of the new Dolce & Gabbana fragrance Intenso.
But he insists that his time now is dedicated to clean living and seeing his two sons.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test.
He recovered quicker than expected form a rib injury in the World Cup.
The wicket-keeper struggled with the short delivery against Sri Lanka and India last year.
But Moeen says he is ready to take on Australia's two left-arm Mitchells.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
The 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 in Casablanca Open qualifying.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, charged with terror offences.
Arrested at Luton Airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of Terrorism Act 2006.
He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned all drinks except water during school day.
She wants to protect long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict.
They claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area.
When officers arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down.
The vehicle's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash.
It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.
Brady had fans, and likely his management, worried on Saturday after he shared a video of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos pulled off a brilliant April Fool as they co-hosted Live! With Kelly And Michael on Wednesday morning.
China has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea.
Only yesterday, Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions'
But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
The war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse and Chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media.
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge received 1,600 abusive messages, 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation.
Manchester is second with 8,331 and Liverpool follow with 6,792.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion.
The Baggies are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old.
Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Teasers for the ITV programme start tonight at 9pm.
The show plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days.
Now Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
Labour's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class Britons by increasing the minimum wage to £8 per hour.
Amanda Knox, 27, was exonerated of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher in late March.
Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, both served four years in prison after being convicted of the murder in 2007.
The 27-year-old and her former lover were sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull in January.
53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
He was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, on Friday.
His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information.
Ms Comfort was last seen alive on December 4, 1995.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that makes it hard for her to socialize.
Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So Mackenzie's mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in a few local groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by their family home.
Hundreds of people showed up to celebrate with Mackenzie on Saturday.
She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through Spectral Edge's patented Eyeteq image enhancement technology.
Police say they have no objections to Sunday's Manchester derby.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties.
The decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match was chosen for a 5.30pm start.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday.
The man was known on Facebook under the nickname Karl Kay.
He received emergency treatment but unfortunately died at the scene.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He said Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation.
The former head of the CPS said children are'manipulated' by Islamists.
He warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes changes.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault at Maidstone Crown Court.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner didn't attend Wembley on Sunday.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Tim Sherwood said: 'I've not spoken to him yet. My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I don't know who it is'
Ben Stokes gave Marlon Samuels a salute in the second Test.
The Durham all-rounder gave Stokes a salute on his way.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to Joe Root's 118.
Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft.
The driver, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington, Delaware.
One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act.
Wheeler was fired from a job he had held for nine years, which had a salary of nearly $3700,000.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight.
Each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school, and back again.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
Essex told reporters the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
As the stunt took a bizarre twist, the Ukip leader hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday.
She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president.
It is a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents.
'All workplaces are adapting and that includes the White House,' said Obama legislative director Katie Beirne Fallon.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in a house fire in Palmerston North.
The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend.
Bradey suffered nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
He has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper'
Police found blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used their bony protrusions to attract a mate.
Palaeontologists say the plates could have been used to show off their prowess.
They say the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to perform a benefit concert for the Sandy Hook Promise group on July 17.
Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash.
US Department of the Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down.
They argued that Joan Langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003.
Langbord's father, jeweler Israel Switt, had dealings with the Mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government but the appeals court returned the coins to the Langbords because US officials had not responded within a 90-day limit to
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars.
He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will redesign the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
The uniforms have not been changed for more than a decade.
A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks.
Mr Grant will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game.
The 54-year old guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
Maradona has undergone gastric bypass surgery since retiring from football.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium.
Jordan Bowery put Brighton ahead after a good cross from Ben Pringle.
Leon Best brought on Leon Best for the largely ineffective Chris O'Grady.
Beram Kayal should have put the visitors on level terms.
Liverpool face West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
The Reds lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson are back in training ahead of the game.
Amir Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently.
British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.
Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results.
Since selling Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Manchester City have gone from joint top to 12 points off the leaders.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Edmond, who was the personal trainer on ITV's The Biggest Loser, rolled the barrel for 12 hours a day.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 aged 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Astle made his West Brom debut against The Foxes 50 years ago.
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to keep Wolves in the Championship play-off hunt.
The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start and got that through quick striker Nouha Dicko.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
Perino said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
She said it was like Bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish, to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could'
On that same day at the hospital, Perino said Bush met a young Marine who opened his eyes for the first time while the president was
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
According to her family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last August.
Doaa and Umm escaped from brutal al-Khansa Brigade in Raqqa, Syria.
Pair, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, are now living illegally.
They said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules.
The 20-year-old said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress.
Now they are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who are following them.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
John Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season - 90.8%.
Andrew Robertson has thrived since moving to Hull from Dundee.
Leonardo Ulloa didn't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive to avoid dropping down a league.
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules.
City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of Liverpool.
The top three finishers in the Premier League qualify automatically for the Champions League with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
Everton have now taken 16 points from the last 18 available.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
Ryan Consell studied the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics.
He concluded it isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite.
The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state the club are currently in.
Former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club's fans.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash.
Harry Kane will be available for the European Under 21 Championship.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision.
Kane could find himself at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of the competition.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker.
She was in the Gulf state, ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
The famous Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut.
It has been told all animals must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday or they will be seized.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
Getafe drew level with a Diego Castro header after 64 minutes.
Eamon Sullivan proposed to girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan.
The pair met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan won two silver Olympic medals.
Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto.
Bass, 28, told Woman's Day she was so overwhelmed she just 'kept laughing and crying'
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women.
This may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive.
However, the researchers say there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women actually showing greater competitive drive than most male athletes.
Many reasons have been suggested to explain why women remain poorly represented in senior positions at large companies.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is humiliated by her husband she married in 2007, and is someone who has 'loved Harry through his charms and flaws,' a source said.
Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.
A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl.
The little girl was found alone and naked in a parking lot at Jim's Burgers in Gardena, California, on April 2.
Police say Ikeler circled the car wash and as soon as the little girl wandered away, he snatched her.
Ikeler has been arrested previously in Northern California and Arizona but not for crimes involving children.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch new Puma boot.
Manchester City striker Aguero scored to put himself 3-2 up against Reus.
Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
One of the women is filmed hurriedly running up to a mound of sandbags, her burqa blowing heavily in the strong breeze.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
The first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing.
Ray Leonard, Roberto Duran, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler engaging each other in some of the ring’s epic battles.
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record.
The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Tony Abbott sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia.
His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives.
Operation Sovereign Borders involves the Australian Navy intercepting boats filled with migrants at sea, and either turning them back or towing them back to where they came from.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death.
The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast.
Tsarnaev's defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his extreme older brother Tamerlan.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the role of Director of England cricket.
Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team.
Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them.
They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
The accident happened when he was on his own using an angle cutter, which was fitted with a safety guard.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana.
In many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances, with captions such as 'High Life'
Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled abroad with him before he had treatment.
Dr Peter Wilson said treatment was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning.
He said: 'I personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died'
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
The city centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens.
New York has had a makeover, with tough neighbourhoods replaced with cool shops and chic bars.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for crash.
They have fled their home in Montabaur and vowed to never return.
The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home.
Joshua Corbett, 39, appeared in court today for a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress Sandra Bullock's home.
The actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
'I'm in my closet. I have a safe door,' Bullock told the dispatcher.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale of Richmond wants bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons.
Lady Hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave guide dog outside.
Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog, the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span.
Mother-of-two from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was 17 years old at the time.
Dunn, who married Manchester United's Alan Dunn, married three years later.
Hillary Clinton’s security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
A visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
While the original van – the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga on Sunday evening.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the rout at the Bernabeu.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon'
Ronaldo is only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid.
Nakhi Wells gave Huddersfield the lead at the John Smith's Stadium.
James Vaughan doubled the lead for the home side.
Mick McCarthy's side have now lost four of their last five away games.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
It was combined with tax and real estate data in a paper published by the Commerce Department.
Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre.
New Jersey led a foursome of smaller Northeastern states with acre values above $100,000.
Catholic bishops in America have slammed Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view'
Comes after clergy in the UK tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of historical characters when it first aired.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
The Dutchman has six games to save his side from relegation.
Moniz has steered Red Bull Salzburg to Austrian league and cup glory.
Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has 20 runners.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Hamilton secured his third grand prix win of the season in Bahrain on Sunday.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored from 66 yards against Chelsea today.
The 66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the Premier League's greatest ever goals.
Adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
It was hit such power that the back-pedaling Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away.
As it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
It's been 18 months since Jordan Spieth attracted criticism.
The 21-year-old has since risen to number four in the world.
Spieth's fellow American Phil Mickelson has also impressed.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League.
The West Brom manager will return to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final.
Palace fans were pleased with the job Pulis did at Selhurst Park.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances.
Rangers fell behind to Mark Wilson's second-minute opener.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child could be first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery.
Two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
Motorist was driving to visit his mother when he saw an injured woman.
He decided stopping to help would be too much inconvenience for him.
Neighbours told him that the elderly woman had left early that morning.
When he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Officers have called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03, which runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors.
It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
The car is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Bollaert's lawyer had claimed at trial that the business was gross and offensive, but he didn't break the law by allowing others to post the explicit material.
Natasha Hope-Simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space.
'I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions, you are not HANDICAPPED! The next time you park here I will forward the Video's to police with your license plate number. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!!!!,' reads one of the fuming letters.
Jameela Jamil, 29, thought she had lupus, an auto-immune condition.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
But dental amalgam is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway.
Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively.
Food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Father, 34, of Gurjarat, India, is planning to sell his kidney to earn money needed to see top specialists.
He said: 'If my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health
Zinedine Zidane says Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Real Madrid reserve boss is tipped as a future manager at the Bernabeu.
Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty in a bar.
Ms Patty, 35, has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death'
She claims Mr Mackay accused her of laughing at him, after which she decided to go home.
Mr Mackay allegedly cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar near to the venue where he had spotted Ms Patty and the mystery man.
The SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat.
It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
The seat won the prize at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester Tigers.
The 24-year-old has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem.
Launchbury's potential return vs Leicester would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches by Darren Farley's impersonation of Michael Owen.
The Liverpool striker met up with Farley as part of a promotional video for BT Sport.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Hudson Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana.
Boo Weekley was the first-round leader after a 64.
Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes.
Calvin Harris is the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100.
In 2008 he stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune of £70 million.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields.
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia.
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the 'Martingale betting strategy'
The game was still illegal in some Australian states and territories up until 10 years ago.
Kathmandu Durbar Square, at the heart of the capital, is full of temples and historic houses with their distinctive roofs.
The Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years of standing.
In Patan, a temple had its tower broken in half, while the square was strewn with bricks.
More than 2,500 people died as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below.
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday.
She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity.
Japan has an enthusiastic and prolific pornography industry that caters to all imaginable tastes.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself.
She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces.
Boden's mid-season sale is now on, so can it keep its core, middle-class customers happy, while appealing to the more fashionable woman?
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
They accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine'
Four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub.
An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road.
The altercation took an unusual turn when Nick Weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene, armed with two rubber sex toys.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 to temporary nurse.
It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed.
Figures also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year.
Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
He said: 'I am not one of those politicians who says they 'get' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'
Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of the UK's job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, are a 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia.
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple.
Ms Eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded 'all Muslims ISIS supporters' and
Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon.
They were released from jail at 4am on Thursday.
The pair announced their engagement last summer and are expected to wed next month.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children.
Worried her size was causing her to look like a man so she went on a diet.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Slimmed down to 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals.
Paul the Apostle converted to Christianity after seeing a bright light.
He was blinded for three days and heard a divine voice or sound.
But now astronomers believe the meteor that triggered his conversion may have been a meteor.
They say descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four.
He took others captive before being shot dead in hail of gunfire by French special forces.
The heavily televised events came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City in the summer.
The France international has only made 16 appearances for City this season.
Sanga says he would make the same decision if faced with the decision again.
City are fourth in the Premier League, with Arsenal second.
Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record.
She was suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France.
Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
He claims Britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised Victorian era.
But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Dr Penman made the claims in his book 'Biohistory: Decline and Fall of the West'
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down in practice on Friday.
The Briton's mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2.
Button finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'com
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of ex-leaders to advise governments.
He said: 'Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt.
Tory MP Andrew Bridgen branded Blair a'megalomaniac' for his Newsweek remarks.
Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's replacement.
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the midfielder's contribution to the team.
The Dutchman has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor.
Gundogan's existing contract expires at the end of next season.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English.
The victory is their first since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men are from Birmingham, West Midlands.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
They are currently being questioned at a police station in the area.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
He and a friend were fishing on the Wisconsin side of the river when they heard three teenagers being loud and rude.
They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours.
The suspect, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
Kelly leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Romero's agent Rolando Zarate said: 'I met with Arsene Wenger twice in London'
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version.
How do they stack up against the original?
All three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company.
The ad has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head.
At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The former Arsenal man has added 12 more since joining Wolves.
Afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
He said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review.
Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on.
The Bayern Munich midfielder loses his balance and the ball flies off in the opposite direction.
Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park.
He crept up towards the lion armed only with a camera.
Mr Saeed managed to capture a couple of frames before retreating to safety.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.
She allegedly squirted her breast milk at a female officer during a strip search.
The mother of three was arrested on March 25 on an outstanding warrant.
Leeder faces up to 18 months in jail and could face a prison sentence.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
They claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season.
Liverpool have looked at the defender before but there is little faith in his ability to be the Brazilian’s long-term successor.
Arsenal have been interested in the past and London would suit the Spain international.
Fabio Coentrao has struggled to impress at Madrid and could be offloaded in the summer.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
His aim is to'show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment around us'
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
Arsene Wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of Burnley clash.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all available for selection after long-term injuries.
Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years.
He found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.
Rafa Benitez was appointed Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
He made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his Liverpool days.
Benitez got the best out of Fernando Torres for the rest of the season.
There are rumours that he could be on for a return to the Premier League.
Latika Bourke had no interest in looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
The film was nothing short of life-changing for Latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of India.
It took Latika another three years to make it to India in 2012 and she has been every year since.
She will feel eternally grateful to the nuns who cared for her as a defenceless tiny baby when nobody else could.
A study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
The chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it.
Scientists have found that even the smallest amount of lead can affect a child's ability to learn.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria.
She is director of the charity which supports crime victims in her area.
Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
Critics accuse the force of creating its own'soap opera'
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday.
He had gun wounds to the chest and was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton.
Hassan Anyabwile, 53, was brought in to replace him at the mosque.
The Caribbean preacher was involved in attempted coup d'état in 1990.
Coup ended after six days with insurgents surrendering on condition of amnesty.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford.
Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
But the striker seems to be coping better after the international break.
Falcao scored a penalty against Kuwait on Monday, his third goal for his country in two games.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is being sold.
It shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
The checklist is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission.
Gemini 4 launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on 3 June 1965 with two astronauts on board.
One, Ed White, was tasked with performing the first US spacewalk.
He spent 20 minutes in space on the first day, before having to come back in.
Steven Davis believes Southampton have an advantage over Spurs.
The Northern Ireland captain says the players never back away from the 'big game'
Southampton travel to Tottenham for the first time since leaving the club.
Tottenham are the only Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat since their Premier League return in 2012.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris are offering the rare trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk.
Guests will spend seven days in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers.
They will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City.
The Real Madrid forward has said he wants to stay at the club.
Bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player during the summer.
The Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
It keeps things basic — there are no buttons or whizzy features and you can’t make calls or browse the internet.
Once connected wirelessly to your phone, you can see who is calling, texting or emailing, without having to get your phone out.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed.
Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual.
U.S. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day.
The hosts are jubilant that struggling Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
It defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on audience.
The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday, airs a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery.
They called for his resignation because he is a 'charlatan who promotes 'quack treatments'
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
The organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire.
Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
It is now being tipped to sell for an estimated £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary.
He broke into Sandra Bullock's home last summer brandishing a love letter.
The Oscar winner was forced to make a desperate call to the police.
Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them.
Even when buried in sand, the matches can burn again once they are taken out and exposed to oxygen.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her.
She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid.
The landlord of the house, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested in connection with her disappearance.
Spanish Police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street, as well as a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing.
Freeman the cat was mauled to death by two dogs in West Sussex.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the dogs pounced.
A woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the cat to die.
Police are now investigating after a person collects the hounds.
Pigwig had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
It comes as Ms Bines reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Ms Bines said she had been told to get lip injections, she was not muscly enough to be in the industry and she needed to lose weight.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after back operations.
Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her pain.
On Good Friday she left her home in Rowley Regis, West Midlands.
But she became anxious for her welfare and called the police.
At 2.35pm, police and ambulance crews were called to the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen, where they discovered Mrs Garratt's body.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week.
The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China.
It uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide.
Engineers say the aircraft can fly 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have slipped out of the Champions League places.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald are still grieving eight years after their son was murdered.
Gareth met Glen Rycroft in a gay online chat room and they started dating in 2005.
Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds.
When his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police, he murdered him.
Rycroft was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners.
Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati.
AK did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in Kenya for six months so that investigations can be carried out.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25.
The presenter was sacked from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon.
It is believed he was booked to appear on comedy show before being dropped.
But bosses at the BBC took weeks to decide if he should be allowed to host show.
Clarkson is one of the quiz show's most frequent guest hosts, having fronted it on 11 occasions.
Last month, Jimmy Mulville from production company Hat Trick confirmed that he would appear on the show.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
In the US, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia.
The French use four times as many heart emoji than any other language, and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one.
Malaysians are the least positive on 60% while US Spanish speakers are the most negative
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter.
The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
They claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission.
The novella is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski.
It enjoyed some viral success following its release, which coincided with the Superbowl.
Manny Pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino boxer ran around one of North America's largest urban parks.
Pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $300million Las Vegas showdown with Mayweather.
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ.
Based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked.
The balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters and undecided voters to realise what is at stake for Britain's security on May 7.
Thomaz Alckmin, son of Sao Paulo governor, was one of the victims.
Crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of the city.
It is thought the damaged house had been under construction.
Three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were killed in the crash.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
She also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever.
Andreja underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year, and is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon.
The 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait.
Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
Rugby School is the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of William Webb Ellis.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity'
The school's most famous headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold, is credited with transforming its values.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
The 23-year-old joined the Spanish giants from Malaga in the summer of 2013.
Isco could still play a big part in what is left of Real Madrid’s season.
Vicente del Bosque is looking to build his new Spain team around him.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Pete Evans' cookbook.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
Dieticians Association of Australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies.
The 'Fullips' suction-thimble has already been seen at West End parties.
It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus.
This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning.
She suffered minor injuries and has been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
A witness said the girl was drinking heavily at a nearby houseparty and had been'mucking around' with friends.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
Mr Docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
He then returned with a 15 centimetre long hook fashioned from a steel rod.
The victim’s scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
Harry Kane's first outing as captain of Tottenham failed to inspire Spurs.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Kane.
Isco has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
The Spaniard admitted he was unhappy after James Rodriguez's return to fitness.
Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final.
Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the season.
The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February.
De Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax.
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli.
But it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lessWeforget or #letsweforgot while others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends.
One woman said she had a father in the army but her picture illustrated something completely
Prince Harry's former girlfriend Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
Davy wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suffering a suspected calf muscle tear.
The Holland full-back admitted Newcastle got exactly what they deserved.
Janmaat said: 'If you are not good enough, then most of the time, you lose'
Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division has four rounds of matches remaining.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
The team in third make the CAF Confederation Cup.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent.
The Wirral's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool.
Relegation to the National League may partly be down to Prenton Park legend Ronnie Moore.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Since the Marillac site in France was unearthed, the discovery of fossil remains of animals, humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for Neanderthals.
Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
New arrival will spend first few weeks at Anmer Hall, Norfolk.
The nursery and Kensington Palace have been given Beatrix Potter theme.
Kate has had several pots of pink paint delivered to the nursery.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the controversial Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear.
The 61-year-old said he never intends to watch the documentary.
Travoltas said it's merely a showcase for ex-members 'who were disgruntled with their experiences' with Scientology.
'Why would I even approach a negative perspective? That would be a crime to me, personally, to do that,' he said.
The tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant.
Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual.
FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'
It is easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan.
You can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of Marouane Fellaini.
Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat last season.
The Belgian has scored three goals in United's revival.
Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment.
He has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
Leicester are bottom of the Premier League after eight games.
Nigel Pearson's side travel to West Brom on Saturday.
The Foxes are six points adrift of the relegation zone.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego.
He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events'
They say we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events, like a lunch date.
This is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions.
A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times, research has found.
Michelle, 27, has launched a stellar career since leaving Coronation Street.
Stars in new Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign, which lands today.
Has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans what they want for warmer months.
Tents crushed by snow, belongings strewn across mountainside and desperate scramble to find any injured victims.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be caring for 89-year-old Ray Warren.
But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164.
The mother-of-three used his cards to buy Chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears.
Mr Warren, from Norwich, Norfolk, died just five months after her crime was discovered.
Davis, 35, pleaded guilty to five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates' Court.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, a report says.
That number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5% of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050.
The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post.
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row.
Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match.
Real are four points behind Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 rout of Granada.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Manchester City Council the worst offender for its size.
It has 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas.
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
In many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
As he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
But the Chelsea boss insists his one problem is that he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a 'campaign' against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
TV regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog.
ITV received a further 35 complaints after Saturday's episode.
RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain's Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used'
Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend to tell her about it.
French MP Guillaume Garot has put forward 36 proposals to tackle waste.
Throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to €20 billion a year.
A UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system.
The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
But the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances.
Minchella and Leeds team-mate Zak Hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the Rhinos into an assault.
Luis Suarez scored a double in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday.
David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half at Parc des Princes.
The Brazilian was brought back from injury to replace Thiago.
Luiz then met ex-Liverpool star Suarez in an especially audacious mood.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep QPR above water.
Rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot dead on a London street on Tuesday.
He was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad, according to friends.
The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest.
His son Murhaf issued a statement on behalf of the family, calling for witnesses to come forward.
Murhaf: 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
It is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer.
Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients.
They found that those who drank at least two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours.
Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops were second, followed by tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two.
Digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion in the last year.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
'People thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid road trippers were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users.
The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes and landmarks.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling David Pocock a 'tosser'
Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies.
Devine had assumed Pocock was celebrating a try using sign language.
But unfortunately for Devine, it wasn't actually the hand shaking gesture that's become popular recently - the flanker and former Australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend.
Prime Minister will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families.
But National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion.
It will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive properties.
Labour says policy has 'unravelled' and only 479 council homes were sold off last year.
Daniel DeMarco was arrested on Friday at 2.45pm in Elmwood Park, New Jersey.
He was found in possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
Police on scene believed DeMarco, 28, looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel.
DeMarco is still employed by the police department but did not say if he would face suspension.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the last eight.
Bedene switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain last month.
Tiger of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, fought in India in 1799.
Duke of Wellington's forces defeated and killed Sultan in Battle of Waterloo.
He returned to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne.
This month, a collection of the historic artefacts will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams.
Experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He is accused of killing Ms Scott just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters.
In one YouTube video, he commented 'I regret nothing' on a video about Nazi leader Rudolf Hess.
His identical twin brother moved from Holland to Australia in June 2013.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner.
Gary Lineker labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' during last night's leader's debate.
Former England footballer launched the scathing attack on the Ukip leader.
Leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head.
Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' the contest.
David Potchen robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, and waited for police to arrive so he could go back to prison.
The 53-year-old had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods before deciding to rob a bank with a note on the back of his resume.
He had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
Potchen was on probation in June and served286 more days before he told Judge Clarence Murray that he would plead guilty only if he got the maximum eight years for the recent theft
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter.
Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.
The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Steve Morison admits he is surprised by the chaos at Elland Road.
Six players withdrew from the squad ahead of Saturday's trip to Charlton.
Neil Redfearn described the sextet's absence as a 'freakish set of events'
Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has called for them to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers.
Bates, a reserve deputy, accidentally pulled out his service weapon.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers after he uploaded the clip.
During the clip, Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek.
The three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal.
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
Within minutes, the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
The Wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries.
Wasps forward Nathan Hughes was sent off for dangerous play.
John Higgins and Graeme Dott led the Scottish charge at Betfred World Championship.
Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target.
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw.
Gary Ballance was struck by a shot from Jos Buttler.
Joe Root's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts this season for the Blues.
Ray Parlour believes signing Cech in the summer would be a 'no brainer'
Arsenal can make it nine consecutive league victories with a win.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.
The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door.
Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for the past 20 years.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected.
The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon.
Moody was married to another man at the time of the second child's birth with her father.
Gates was also ordered to pay restitution to the State of Oregon for the medical expenses of the two children.
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone.
The stunt was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Philippe Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele.
The Liverpool midfielder is on the six-man shortlist for PFA Player of the Year.
Coutinho scored the only goal as Liverpool won 1-0 at Blackburn in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
Three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR.
The Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver.
Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own.
The first lady also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which named her daughters as influential teens.
A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 is located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina.
In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars.
The image is part of a week of celebrations by Nasa to commemorate what is widely regarded as the most important space telescope of all.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise and last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Majnaric was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
Last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1 at Seaview.
Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory.
England can only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
Casey's new range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
The glamour model's new drop was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks.
She also designed accessories to complement her outfits, which she says is a 'dream come true'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote.
Klawiter claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers, has attracted national media attention.
His post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting hundreds of comments and
The winding track of Murodo in Japan attracts thousands of tourists annually.
The steep-walled phenomena is located between a 65ft high snow cavern and a 1000ft passageway.
Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year.
It is hoped the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen Line will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield in Kluane National Park.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible.
There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve and no efforts have been made to conceal them.
Police and RSPCA taskforce, set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
In his most recent blog post, he defended meat eating, saying it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
The pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he tried to clear his throat.
He collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
But his Labrador Lexi leaped into action and dislodged the onion.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes alternative treatment will fight disease.
He has built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province.
The fire is made using sawdust, twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes for it to get hot enough.
Last month, Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan and said he refuses to be defeated by the disease.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to ensure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors.
They thought they were not at risk from sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.
Research commissioned by Institution of Occupational Safety and Health.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil.
He was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being taken off the ship.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
It was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
Juventus rested several players ahead of the Champions League.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City.
According to Defence figures released in 2012, the $100 million vessel has an average running cost of $201,621 each day.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.
The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps.
He was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute.
Southampton are seventh in the Premier League table with a wage bill of £55.2m.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what they earned in total last season.
The biggest under-achievers are QPR, with a £75.3m wage bill.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute.
Odion Ighalo doubled the lead in the 65th minute to make it 2-0.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Executives at Coronation Street have overturned a ban on their cast offering their voice to radio advertising campaigns.
Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp, was said to have been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart.
Complaints from fellow actors have led bosses to relent and enable their 'talent' to take on radio voiceover jobs.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on April 3.
Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
A section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
NSW Police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel.
The incident was sparked when the referee awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for
Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39.
Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at Priory School.
The fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on them.
Mr Turnbull, who has worked at the school for nine years, has not commented.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259.
Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney was a close second at 3075.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible.
The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
O'Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from Manchester.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder.
Brennan, 36, will be charged with possession of a destructive device, and one part possession of components capable of making a component device.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract at Ferrari expires at the end of the season.
The Finn has been urged to improve his performances if he wants to stay.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says results have to improve.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her daughter at home on her own.
She now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that Bikram yoga raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke.
A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity.
The average body temperature for men was 39°C and 38°C for women.
Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks.
Kevin Franklin will light up his Christmas lights on the front of his home tonight.
The 53-year-old kept them up after Christmas ahead of autism week.
But he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April for Autism Awareness Month.
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments.
He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow.
Critics fear that it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering increasingly to the Left by promising a more generous benefits system.
Widnes lost 30-10 to Warrington in the Cheshire derby.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Wolves have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe.
The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar.
For £7, customers will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg.
One half is served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate.
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet tarantula and allowed it to bite her hand.
She filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles.
But she later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
The Chelsea winger has scored 17 goals so far this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
He was named PFA Young Player of the Year last season.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes online.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term.
She has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk.
She spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
The quarry had been abandoned for years.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others.
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison.
Defense lawyers argued for leniency but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility.
The legal fight over the killings has spanned years.
Levar Jones, 36, was on his way home from work when he was shot.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
Mr Jones said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police.
He said: 'I was just an innocent person pulling up at a gas station'
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man.
The Manchester City midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Lampard believes that football is changing and losing its macho persona.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain is keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.
The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday.
Despite winning the Premier League last season, City boss Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term.
Guardiola has only ever lost ten matches in six seasons as a coach.
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Steve claims these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in Seat Pleasant, Maryland.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Ivy was shooting a rap video with about 20 people at around 10.30pm in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the West Indies squad for the first Test against England.
The islanders have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach Phil Simmons.
Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down.
Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday.
Roberts sat incognito with the other called jurors and answered questions about his sister in Indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law, who works with the Indiana State Police.
The only giveaway that he was one of the top judges in the highest court in the land was the two security staff he brought with him.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
Urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them.
He then hid his iPhone inside to film through the hole in the bottle.
The doctor said he had set up the intricate device to 'let off steam'
He pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
Indonesia's attorney-general says Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals.
The pair learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday.
Court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
Attorney-general HM Prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays as their latest court challenge failed.
Lawyers for the men now plan
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
The 22-game Premiership campaign concludes on May 16.
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
EE users on iPhone will see a Wi-Fi calling section appear in the settings app of their phone, which must be switched to allow to enable the feature.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken her son to bed with her at family home.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Welsh government said it will consider the coroner’s comments.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties.
Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were among the star attendees at the presentation.
Danny Lambo, 37, paid for luxury bath to be fitted in home of Natasha Flynn, 29.
Bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill.
It contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate containing 1.3 million calories.
'Flash playboy' has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week.
Upright's daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are scheduled to fight on May 2.
Mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights.
Pacquiao is a politician in the Philippines having been elected as a congressman in 2010.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces.
The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways, and are suitable for day to night wear.
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode.
KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK alone.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse heard from alleged victims at Neerkol orphanage near Rockhampton.
A woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age.
Third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
The commission will be hearing from 13 former residents of the orphanage located in south-east Queensland.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal.
Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017.
Allen admits his move from Belfast will take him out of his comfort zone.
Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for the England right back.
Ronald Koeman understands Clyne's ambitions and wants him to stay.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of his career in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, named the best island in the world.
Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras also named best islands in Europe.
No island in UK or Australia managed to crack the global top 10.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
The new therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load.
Scientists believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing HIV infection.
In a person infected with HIV, there is an ongoing battle between the virus and the body's immune system.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder.co.uk has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Click HERE TO BE IN WITH A CHANCE OF WINNING THIS SPECIAL PRIZE.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa.
Day went on trips to tourist hotspot in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but failed to tell the authorities.
The Taxpayers' Alliance said her sentence would do little to discourage others from committing benefit fraud.
Campaigners against Protein World 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' adverts celebrate.
Transport for London has removed the posters from the London Underground.
The posters have caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
Prince William will take a fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members.
Mr Jones collapsed seconds before the programme was due to go on air.
Channel forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on studio floor.
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
It led to suggestions Louis van Gaal did not rate the £29million summer signing.
But the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product.
The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Sheree Morgan, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
Couple, 86, and 84-year-old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
He urged the elderly couple they needed to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security'
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
City hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building.
Joel Wilkinson, three, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
He will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20.
Hawaii Museum of Art handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession.
Authorities found they had been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
They will be taken back to New York and returned to India's government.
Officials say Kapoor created false provenances for the antiquities.
A video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Over half, 54 per cent, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease affects their pets as well as themselves.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not played for the first team since March 2014.
The 19-year-old has not featured since the Champions League last-16.
Ggnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi is the second St Regis hotel in the UAE capital.
Located in the centre of the city, the signature suite hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground.
The suite's occupants will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club, which sits along 200m of private beachfront.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, New Hampshire, were arrested on warrants Thursday.
The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4.
They were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose.
Both have been released on personal recognizance bail.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea.
The former Liverpool midfielder sent Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, court told.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky.
Around 11:30 A.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation.
More than 48 residents at the Guardian Court apartments had been taken out by boat, including second floor residents who were given to the choice to leave.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
He told police where to find the body parts in two separate locations.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as or
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' tournament birdie record.
Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's DailyOnline shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Since its birth, villagers have flocked to take a peek at the curious animal.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was evicted from his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62.
Mr Keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page.
Said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
Police chased him on foot before finally grabbing him hours later.
Only 32% of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
More than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played as a non-competing marker with the Northern Irishman in the third round last year.
McIlroy wrote Knox a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice.
Dr Adrian Quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could become viable in Scotland.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge.
He said: 'They did not need to have the ins and outs of classical music explained to them'
Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC's main stations with just two million listeners.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
He had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old.
Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli's skull when he's older.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio.
This was 14% down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues.
The Hoops winger also scored QPR's opening goal against Aston Villa.
Lionel Messi has made more assists this year than any other player.
Phillips is level with Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne when it comes to assists.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are now top of the Premier League.
The Dutchman has taken on the likes of Juan Mata, Ander Herrera and Angel di Maria.
Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into leaked memo.
Claims it shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win election.
Row follows allegation she told French ambassador she wants Tories to win.
But Sturgeon has denied claims she secretly hoped Cameron would win the election.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's every day lives.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years, while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
Through their courses they work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB, Macquarie Bank, PwC, kikki,K, Sportsgirl, Commonwealth Bank, Hewlett Packard and Mercedes Benz.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show.
The announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation, fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
Clarkson was seen out for a drink with friends last night, stopping at pub in west London after meeting with former co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May.
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and model Rachel Hunter.
The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
But Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
Christine Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence.
Police raided her one-bedroom bungalow in Norwich in November 2013.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
Carriage admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin'
The plane - a 34-year-old French-built Falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on Friday.
Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican.
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police.
When firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log.
Police officers armed with a BB gun followed him into the creek and fished him out.
The man may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world.
It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long.
John Clarkson, 55, runs Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston, Lancashire.
He decided to wrap the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered.
The result is his very own 'Pie-egg-ra' dish - Creme Egg oozing from the traditional pie casing.
It is then served with chips to more adventurous customers at a price of £2.75.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch.
She filed for the order to be reversed in August 2013 but it was dismissed once and for all by a New York court.
The court said it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the United States.
Rutherford filed for bankruptcy with $2million in debt after spending all her earnings from Gossip Girl on legal fees and flights to France to see her children.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving to Tottenham.
Pochettino has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both clubs.
The Argentine has scored 31 goals in all competitions this season.
Sportsmail takes a look at how his two tenures compare.
England beat West Indies by 130 runs in the first Test at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gary Ballance scored a fourth Test century in only his ninth match for England.
Alastair Cook's side set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
The record was set in none other than Antigua and featured a century by Shiv Chanderpaul.
JJ Watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season.
On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap.
The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds'
They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors.
Some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
The dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal.
Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
The amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state.
On arrival, we head for Ashvem Beach, in the north, for three nights at Yab Yum Resorts.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded onto a former Irish Sea ferry.
It was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons when case of precious metals was lost overboard.
The former ferry, HMS Ulster Queen, arrived in Greenock in 1942.
But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
In fact, the incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen's engineers.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica.
The 23-year-old striker has struggled for first-team action.
Oliveira is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for up to four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp.
British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945.
Today, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
Joachim Gauck, German president, said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
American Airlines have introduced their new 'indie' cabin playlists.
The new songs feature rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier.
They are paired with the airline's new state-of-the-art cabins.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest.
The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve.
New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up.
House-prices across New Zealand are on the rise, with the average in Auckland around $766,000.
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada.
One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League so far.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing'
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman, only to find out seconds later the man was his friend.
Mr Heneker was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland.
The father-of-two said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life.
He said he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Andres Iniesta scored in Barcelona's 2-0 Champions League quarter-final win.
The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season.
Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes with a mesmeric run and pass for Neymar to score his first goal of the evening.
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Esser is now an elder statesman of the national Press.
Leigh Griffiths has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for Celtic.
The 24-year-old scored a hat-trick against Dundee United on Sunday.
Griffiths is currently on loan at Hibernian from Wolverhampton Wanderers.
He will stand trial in October on offensive behaviour charges.
Lalit Verma 'launched furious assault on boy named only as Shiva'
Alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of stomach ache.
Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Spurs have won just one of their last four Premier League games.
Sam Vokes and Ben Davies were part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie.
Davies says there can be no quarter given if he gets the chance of a first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR.
The ad world's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience.
We've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines.
The men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them...albeit with a decade added on.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands.
The pair were involved in a disagreement last week.
Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old has struggled to make an impact in midfield.
Fabregas was given just four out of 10 marks by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his deep-lying playmaker.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
He is working with a therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
'I know I'm responsible for my actions,' the Iowa-based writer wrote for the Des Moines Register.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties.
He would steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a previous police charge sheet.
Woolaston was sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
She was born on April 8, 2009 weighing 66lbs (30kg), after an uncomplicated gestation of 378 days.
Eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and producing antimicrobial substances.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
'I said, "What? Is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into.
Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The 19-year-old has now scored six tries in six Super League appearances.
Leeds are six points clear at the top of Super League.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her neighbour Kay Daye as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month.
The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Former Rangers chairman and manager Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
King has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.
She said the policy would require a change in the law.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher accused Toure of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick.
Charlotte Crosby, 24, has lost over two and a half stone over the last year.
But some have questioned whether she has taken things too far.
She is not the only Geordie Shore star to have lost weight.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, 27, Holly Hagan, 22, and Marnie Simpson have also all dropped the pounds over the past 12 months.
Timothy Norris-Jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions.
He left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches.
The 59-year-old was handed a restraining order banning him from visiting her home.
Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' and said: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
A Sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation.
Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language.
The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League.
Veteran seamer Thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle.
Thomas will continue his rehabilitation in India in the hope of being fit again in time for Somerset's second championship fixture against Middlesex at the end of this month.
Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's daughters were targeted by online predator.
Ms Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself, posing as Abbie.
Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has never won the Champions League as a player.
PSG face Barcelona in the semi-final of the competition on Tuesday.
Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea.
The Sweden international will be convinced that PSG can progress.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered health complications.
He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, from 'intra-abdominal sepsis'
Coroner Ian Arrow said Mr Dawe's health was compromised by the assault.
The law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person's death if it happened more than a year before.
Richard Attenborough was present at some of the most magical moments in cinema history.
The actor-director's treasured possessions are going up for sale at Bonhams.
He was an avid collector and the lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches.
Man raped his daughter repeatedly from when she was just 10 years old.
He impregnated her as she watched her abuser being led away from dock.
The man, who cannot be named, was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court.
Judge Stuart Rafferty QC told the man: 'You took your daughter's life'
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Bryan and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home in Croydon, south London.
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' for his string of assaults.
She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life.
Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for the hosts.
Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard the news.
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning.
Sevilla, Napoli, Fiorentina and Dnipro will all face each other in the final.
Rafael Benitez's Napoli will take on Dnipropetrovsk for a place in the Warsaw final on May 27.
James Webster targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
The 35-year-old was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving bag.
Security guards discovered he had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face prison.
But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife' because she's married.
She said that 'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult.
Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them.
The Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments.
It follows on the heels of Old Street's Porridge Cafe, Simply Crispy in Belfast which serves crisp sandwiches.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give the Catalans the lead.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Barcelona are the first team to win here in either the Europa League or Champions League since Hapoel Tel-Aviv in 2006.
Anthony Mann, 78, pleaded guilty to a charge of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility at Leamington Justice Centre.
He stabbed his wife Janet to death after she begged him to 'bring her suffering to an end'
Mr Mann was a devoted father and husband who had been married to Janet for a number of years after they first met as teenagers.
The couple's two daughters both said in statements that their dad was a loving, kind man.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House, Lancashire.
Volunteer worker admitted stealing laptop and TomTom sat nav from charity.
He was meant to raise profile following devastating arson attack in 2011.
But Mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed'
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour supporter.
Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Her son Freddie was killed when a trailer came loose from a Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey had just dropped her eight-year-old son Archie to school.
She was helpless as trailer mounted pavement and crushed Freddie against wall.
Police found trailer had not been correctly attached to Land Rover but driver Tony Davies avoided jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
His sentence infuriated Mrs Hussey and Freddie's father Scott, 37.
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences.
The offences include rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute.
A total of 102 separate incidents were recorded.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes in west London.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million.
Gang were undeterred by security systems, officers said.
If they found valuables were locked in a safe, they would simply cut it out.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving Honda Civic up to 25 miles over speed limit.
He lost control and smashed into oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed.
None of the passengers in the Civic were wearing seatbelts at the time.
At the time of the incident, Yadav gave a statement saying he had swerved to avoid an oncoming car, but claimed at his trial that he had no memory of the crash.
The average American high schooler could spend over $300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance.
In 2012, Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend, Tina, with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read, 'Tina, will you go to prom with me?'
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators.
They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica bra is a first on the larger bra market.
Features removable cookies to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph.
Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection.
Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out.
He was portrayed as callous social climber who discouraged rape victim from speaking.
Magazine's reporting was torn apart by professors from Columbia.
They pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared.
Most important failing was not contacting Stock and another student, Ryan Duffin.
Rolling Stone will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store.
It searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute.
The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme.
The pair, aged eight and seven, chant Rooney's name at him in the street.
Rooney admits he can find it tiresome to have supporters chant his name.
England captain enjoyed a kick-around with the pair for the show.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was sacked after England's shameful performance at the World Cup.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
English cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick player.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Bleary was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries.
Gemma, 34, has launched her updated fashion range for Evans.
She showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United have held talks with Burnley about a summer deal.
Liverpool maintain an interest in the player and were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer.
Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of the 22-year-old.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season for Middlesbrough on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
His parent club Chelsea are opening talks over a new deal.
Bamford is currently one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge.
Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton in the summer after failing to make the grade.
Bayern Munich are favourites to reach the last four of the Champions League.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting Bayern Munich.
Bayern have suffered injuries, but Porto have been boosted by the return of Jackson Martinez.
Autopsy will reconstruct the final hours of Robin Williams' life tonight.
The 63-year-old had been diagnosed with Parkinson's just one day before his death.
He stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend.
Also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Post-mortem revealed he had Lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour.
On the day he died, Williams cleaned his bathroom of blood after cutting his wrists.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program.
It teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code.
Leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs.
Each prisoner must complete an application process, as they would for a job, explaining their history and their ambitions, plus one 'essay question' about their life.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire.
The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
With simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your flowers last.
From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport.
Her son, Steve, visits her regularly where he says his mother is well-looked after.
But he found the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room.
Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will take over at Borussia Dortmund in July.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season.
Tuchel has carved a name for himself at German club Mainz.
The 41-year-old Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford.
Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on Hernandez's future.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
His book, 'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the US bosses.
The Glazers' takeover of Manchester United was met with huge protests by supporters in 2004.
Nayani claims Malcolm Glazer had little to do with the takeover, leaving it to his sons.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career in 2014.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
Police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out. He's definitely loaded'
But apparently ignoring his advice, Rapiejko overtakes officer's car.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Incident happened outside self storage facility on February 19.
Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition.
But police have since spoken out in
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38.
A forensic psychiatrist testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Dr Doug Tucker said that Steele's brain was deteriorating because of ALS and that he was 'unable to conform his conduct to the law'
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Key Biscayne, Florida.
The 27-year-old will marry her long-term partner later this month.
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called 'hippy crack'
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award from Manchester United.
The attacking midfielder scored both goals against Liverpool.
Mata has been excluded from the Spain squad since the World Cup.
Louis van Gaal's side face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house in Moss Side, Manchester.
He then raped her as she walked to a youth club in October 2009.
The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case.
Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Today Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him.
A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night.
Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February.
The Holland international has only just returned to the first-team picture.
Louis van Gaal's side travel to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels in England and Wales have been wiped out.
Disease, habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels blamed for decline in reds.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after her death.
Inquest heard how William had been settling in well after returning to school following his mother's death.
The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington lawmakers are proposing to allow limited home hash production, though butane or other explosive gases would be banned except for use by commercial producers.
Safer methods would be OK, and adults would be allowed to use cooking oil, butter or similar substances to make edibles.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder.
He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
The Indian national was a technology professional outside of Philadelphia and knew the baby's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot.
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airline confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident was the second of the day for Dublin Airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off.
Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League.
His uncle, Boro chairman Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Steve Gibson helped save Middlesbrough from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control, his investment seeing them win the Carling Cup in 2004 and reach the final of the UEFA Cup in 2006.
Banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk.
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
Each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, physical description, distinguishing marks, nature of conviction and sentence received for booze-related crimes.
Offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard
The Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture.
Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight.
He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius, appearing to trap the man between the three cars.
The man was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after the incident on April 9.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home.
They wanted to ensure that, while in travel mode, the house would meet minimum road requirements.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking.
The open space also includes a lounge area and dining table, complete with a fold out baby chair for Piko.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball style trick shot while practicing in China.
The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it.
Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, drawing quite a reaction from his caddie.
Two 'unemployed rich kids' have caused outrage in China after causing a major traffic accident in central Beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars.
The spectacular crash on Saturday wrote a green Lamborghini off and wrecked a red Ferrari.
Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.
Tiger Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf.
Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice.
The former world No1 has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over two-time champion Rafael Nadal.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate'
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes'
Under proposals landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies.
They would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday.
The pair have been stalwarts of the English game for the past decade and a half.
Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season.
Lampard will meet up with new MLS franchise New York City FC.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
He was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures.
Chairman of governing body Tony Hyams-Parish said it was 'not an easy decision'
School's bursar said education of 1,200 pupils would be unaffected by sacking.
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F)
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
The research, led by Dr Daniel Herwartz, was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a vital win.
Head coach John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by the defeat.
Carver admitted Newcastle were second best in every department.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team.
The wicket left England one for one after just five balls.
Trott was making his first Test appearance since his Ashes withdrawal.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping.
But he later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at Anderlecht.
Kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before to England.
He says 'everything has played out perfectly' after he eventually sealed a switch to the Premier League in 2008.
Michelle Knight was chained inside Cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by Ariel Castro.
Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan.
The Steller sea eagles are large birds of prey which live in coastal areas of north eastern Asia.
They usually preys on birds and fish but the deer bone would have been a particularly good catch for the two birds.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to stop City from losing further ground on league leaders Chelsea.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions for Arsenal.
The Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise.
Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table with 66 points.
Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley.
Supporters hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of Newcastle United.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself.
But hours later he was fighting for his life after woken from a nap with a rash.
Doctors at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth battled to save him but he later died.
His death has devastated his parents Shannon and Kris.
They are unable to comprehend how quickly he fell ill so quickly.
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault.
Police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex on Saturday, January 24.
Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out'
Witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a Rolls-Royce Phantom following the assault.
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
It was unveiled to the public with the launch of France’s Renault 16 in 1965.
Now it accounts for two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain.
Seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks.
Luke Rockhold faces Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday.
Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago.
The Californian is also coming off a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting Mike Ashley was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
They say the eye spots do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since joining in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
The Duke of York visited a girls' refuge in Calcutta in May 2012.
He was inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting a girls’ refuge.
The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through the charity.
Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Sky Sports refuse to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday.
Gary Neville was desperate to get away from Stamford Bridge to get to Nicky Butt's wife's birthday party.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to their SATs exam answers.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard.
Guffick was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.
He was taken to The Valley Hospital in Ridgewood via ambulance.
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
Adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse is set to begin at 8.45pm.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
Real Madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he's been missing.
AS focus on Real's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
Manchester City have eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season.
Premier League champions will ask about Raheem Sterling's availability.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final.
City are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election.
He faces uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on May 7.
Ukip has decided against publicising the figures in case supporters are demoralised.
West Ham striker Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuador forward in January.
Chelsea are offering a new contract to Patrick Bamford.
Bamford has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider stormed down Wellington's Cuba Street at the weekend for the city's inaugural CubaDupa festival.
The massive scale festival saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city.
More than 60 vendors were on hand on Saturday to serve food on the streets of Wellington.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville.
The 38-year-old will manage England's netball team at the World Cup.
Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers.
She says she was never dazzled by the success her brothers enjoyed at Manchester United.
Ryanair took to Twitter for a cheeky promotional photo in Terminal 2.
Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport, whereas Aer Lingus flies from Terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3.
Atletico’s two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for Bale, Ronaldo and Benzema.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Hummels has already attracted interest from several clubs around Europe.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was 16 when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'
She has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.
In Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Mr Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
He could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs)
She was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death.
But her mother Nita continued to buy her fatty foods.
The pair are filmed visiting their local supermarket.
Susan is unable to walk for long periods of tie because of the pressure.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham, North Carolina.
Train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City.
The accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Alan Pardew says Sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side.
Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
'Babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' she said.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with 1-0 win at Elche.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business.
But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party.
Just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen.
Chelsea Clinton, 35, was just a twelve-year-old from Arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls.
Over the years, as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman, her curls quickly began to fade.
Now, in a candid interview with Ellemagazine, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets.
She insisted that, far from being an intentional style change, her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman.
Murray is in Munich for this week’s BMW Open.
The percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent.
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth over the past decade.
But it's Houston, Texas, that takes the title of being the most noteworthy American citiy on the list.
Nigel Farage said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge drunks.
He also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
Ukip leader said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can'
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories.
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine.
The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
Cardiff have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
The 25-year-old is one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cook’s squad.
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat.
The boxer posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps.
Mr Khan splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California.
It measures 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
There is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on.
Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after four minutes.
Ross McCormack equalised for the visitors in the 67th minute.
Steve Evans' side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring for Juventus in the 21st minute.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Leonardo Bonucci scored his side's third goal of the night.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem ahead of Celta Vigo.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Benfica face Nacional on Saturday hoping to keep up their excellent home form.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place grow.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between FA Cup and top four finish.
The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team.
Greg Dyke was given a £16,000 Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA.
The watch was handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million.
Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care, so that it could be auctioned.
FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch and has closed proceedings on the matter.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins.
They will be available on its 737 family of planes.
The 'Space Bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions.
Jim Rodwell’s departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place.
QPR are 19th in the Premier League, four points away from escaping the relegation zone.
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie.
Flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles took off on Monday.
Pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
A baggage handler was pulled from the cargo hold after falling asleep.
The worker was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically.
Install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber.
You should dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets.
The Paelo Way co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release the book independently.
The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence.
But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing Nicola Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
Polls suggest more than half of Scots plan to vote for the SNP.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair in time for the battle's bicentenary.
The model is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester.
German Chancellor and husband spend Easter on island of Ischia, near Naples.
Couple traditionally spend holiday at five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on south of island.
Prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for more expensive suites.
Grant Allen, 38, travelled around the world with girlfriend Gaynor Godwin.
He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000.
Allen also splurged £8,700 on holiday to Florida in 2009.
Judge has ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as proceeds of crime.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother.
'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes. 'I'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks I'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms'
Nelms estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $36,660 a year, the annual-salary for a full-time nanny.
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell.
Study carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed that those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
If they had resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 if they had not spent any of the cash.
Kevin de Bruyne has scored nine goals for Wolfsburg this season.
Franck Ribery has been linked with a move away from the Bundesliga leaders.
But the 23-year-old says he is the wrong type of player for Bayern.
Ribery says De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with Pep Guardiola's style of play.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct.
The Ibrox board launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property.
Sports Direct took security over all Rangers assets including intellectual property owned by the club.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
In the simulations, the processes taking place as the two black holes merge are shown.
As they come closer, the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic, while the jets firing out from the ‘poles’ of each object merge into one.
Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event - are also predicted to be created by the merger, while electromagnetic energy is blasted into space.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Madison Brengle of the United States upset Petra Kvitova.
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and John West tuna in shrinking list.
It's not better for your pocket if manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on cost saving to consumers.
The trophy room at Sandringham was a relic of a bygone era.
Now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the estate.
For every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage.
Fred Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
Pagan, 49, has worked for Sen. Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old.
He is charged with one count of possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, apologized for his 'offensive' remarks in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com.
He said that he should have spoken of the singer's'remarkable talent', not her weight.
Clarkson, 32, told Ellen DeGeneres that she's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she appeared on 'American Idol' in 2002.
Her fellow Fox News anchor Greta Van Susteren, 60, almost immediately took to her blog to chastise Wallace over his comments.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending under 110lbs (50kg)
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade.
Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair.
It also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg)
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods and exercising.
Elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product, The Super Elixir.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
The Dundee rogue escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
McGowan is available for selection but there is no guarantee he will play.
Dundee have agreed a pre-contract to sign Aberdeen midfielder Nicky Low on a three-year deal.
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased Justus down the street before opening fire, according to a spokesman for Zion Police.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
New York-based Skin Laundry says that after ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing'
It also promises that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
But despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred.
The clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand.
The traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League again.
The Barcelona star wants to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe'
Celtic lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in August.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 feathers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
But they say Labour and some senior Lib Dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.
It has compiled a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging tourists to consult the guide before travelling.
The group claims that the'red' or 'orange' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to abuses.
WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral.
Footage of the incident shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.
The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday.
The Beckham family were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is lining up a tilt at the Tory leadership.
He said the London Mayor had'suddenly realised' that his main political rivals were lining themselves up to take over the top job.
The admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from Mr Cameron.
It comes just weeks after Mr Cameron revealed he would stand down as PM before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube.
It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth.
He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'
As Jason's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the growth, he emits loud cries of pain.
Dr Arun Ghosh, a private GP in Liverpool, condemned Jason's method.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
But the 'horrendous' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
Now Belinda is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters.
She will warn of dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
Labour leader said Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Libya policy.
Comes after Labour spin doctors issued a briefing note saying Miliband would use a speech on foreign policy to say the ‘tragic scenes’ in the Mediterranean were ‘in part’
But a senior Tory source said: ‘A few bad polls for Labour after a poor week of campaigning and Ed Miliband accuses the PM of murder'
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November.
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
He has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat and there is a risk his heart could be impacted too.
The medication used to treat his condition means he can have severe reactions if he has direct contact with the sun so he is
Stuart Dallas gave Brentford the lead just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Cauley Woodrow saw two presentable opportunities go begging before Seko Fofana could only skew an effort wide.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends before starting job.
But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in luggage.
Court heard stun gun could cause victim to'startle and repel'
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face.
Suit seeks unspecified damages, of at least $30,000.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of their arch rivals.
Gary Neville hails United as a team that is getting closer to being 'the real deal'
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities.
Sterling scored the opener in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle.
The 20-year-old is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield.
Rodgers said that Sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible on Wednesday.
The five-time world champion had trouble with his shoes during the session.
O'Sullivan will face Matthew Stevens in the second round after he beat fellow Welshman Mark Williams 10-2.
Mohammed Emwazi, now Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State.
Emwazi became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million.
Tony Pulis has held conversations with Peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Danielle Jones, 33, and husband Darrel, 44, got married on Good Friday.
Take That superfan Gary Barlow dropped in at reception to sing 'A Million Love Songs'
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked singer to perform.
But he secretly replied to the bridesmaid's saying 'let's do this'
Mrs Jones said: 'I'm still on cloud nine, I can't believe it happened'
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson, who is co-ordinating the General Election campaign, has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone, he claimed.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Camargo can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries.
She then reaches behind him, grabs the tablet and hits him in the face with his hands.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty.
Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton.
The 21-year-old came off the bench in England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Roberto Martinez is backing Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England.
Jason Lee, 38, allegedly forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom.
He told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear.
The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a 'hysterical' state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital.
It came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worcesterstershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the pensioner fall to the pavement.
He parked and rushed over to help but the warden put a £70 ticket on his car.
'Under the circumstances, I think it was ridiculous. I saw her fall down and stopped for around 30 to 45 seconds at the most to help her,' he said.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender has undergone successful surgery.
Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move.
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
EPO president Giorgos Girtzikis warned that it 'would have no option but to refer the case to the relevant bodies for immediate sanctions'
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
Henry scored 26, Eto’o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for the soap.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has also turned her hand to acting.
Patsy Kensit made a huge success of her stint in Emmerdale, playing Sadie King.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Poston's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
After going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in his Miami home two days after his high school photo was taken.
He had been left 'devastated' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show.
The pictures were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just 'a Jewish kid from Newark'
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure.
In one instance, Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a June 2010 speech in Moscow funded by an investment bank with ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin.
The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
Stephens walked toward Lin with his phone in his hand and was shot four times.
Lin returned to work four days later and the shooting was ruled to be justified.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
Sportsmail's Oliver Todd rates the players' performances at Stamford Bridge.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much for Liverpool this season.
John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.
Chelsea need to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games.
Kasper Schmeichel made six saves as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1.
Sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version.
Single dose of the drug, known as Sulforadex or SFX-01, is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket.
The pair's chequered past has come under scrutiny.
Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton as managing director of England cricket.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool.
Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Saturday's Premier League clash.
Raheem Sterling had almost single-handedly managed to shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year.
Each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life and limb.
His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, entered Lance, his older brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven, into competitions all over the US.
Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality.
The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
'We won't relent 'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA.
Department store Myer will be holding a designer sale on Wednesday 22nd April.
The sale will see mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes, accessories and clothes.
This is in a bid to keep up with international retailers.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
The 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery.
Steve Spowart dived into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences.
The animals’ owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her ‘absolutely amazing’ brother-in-law for his incredible feat.
‘I don’t know what I would have done without him and my sister’, she said.
Ms Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales rapidly flooded.
Mass brawl broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri ended up at each other's throats.
According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol.
Four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV.
He persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
Demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study published in the journal Conservation Letters says.
Leicester City beat West Ham United 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Andy King's 86th minute winner kept the Foxes' hopes of Premier League survival alive.
West Ham have not won away from home since December 2nd.
Nugent had the chance to all but secure Leicester City victory but the striker missed from the spot.
North West was a happy traveller as she arrived in Paris with her parents.
The only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport.
On Monday, Kim, Kanye and Khloe arrived in Jerusalem's Old City to visit Armenian church St James Cathedral in order to baptise the nearly-two-year-old girl.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Nathan turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
The attacking midfielder is due to speak to Chelsea next week.
Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Juventus lost 2-1 to local rivals Torino in Serie A on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick but couldn't stop his side.
It was the first time Torino had beaten Juve in the derby for 20 years.
Juventus remain 14 points clear at the top of the table.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night.
The 46-year-old appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life.
He was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like Don't Be Cruel and On Our Own.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride.
She told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home.
A rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital the next day.
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her Coventry home to collect his belongings.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back.
Malsbury wrapped iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
After he struggled free she armed herself with large carving knife and stabbed at him.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint.
In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR.
The 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season.
Ramsey stepped up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February.
Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa.
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo.
Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
He suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance.
But he died two weeks later and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Mr Gregory also survived a brain haemorrhage in 1947.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands.
She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program.
Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Mr Evans is currently locked in a court battle with
According to eyewitnesses at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, Tori, hubby Dean McDermott, their kids, Liam, Stella, Hattie and Finn, and a few other guests, had enjoyed their Easter brunch.
Tori tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers.
She was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Arjen Robben has missed his side's last three games due to an abdominal injury.
The Holland international is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man, an 18-year old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
Art collector claims she was robbed of more than £4million worth of jewellery.
She was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at airport.
Three thieves are said to have 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied that if he ascended to the highest office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
Cruz was in town for the First in the Nation forum held Saturday in Nashua, New Hampshire.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
Referee Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners.
Mayweather recently revealed he is within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections.
If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have baby at Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in hours leading up to her death.
Husband Barry McCarthy, 51, stabbed her 13 times in her bedroom last September.
He had previously found out his wife was using dating websites.
But she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her.
McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of diminished responsibility.
A jury today found him guilty of murder following eight-day trial.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.
Last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
She died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medical teams.
Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today.
Pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
The 21-year-old spends her days hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
Ms Hussein shares all her animal's wild adventures on social media.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women.
He allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands.
Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis.
The patients booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles.
Latheef is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of the assaults.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room.
The app is due to be released in June and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $8, or £5.48.
It will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital after a house party in Tamworth.
She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, where she was placed in a coma, but died a week later.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs.
Her cousin has claimed she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.
The Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo hit the glass with such force it cracks.
The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
New approach targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
Ashley Shupe claims her son Kaiden, eight, is suicidal after being bullied.
She claims he tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.
It was a reaction to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' by one student in his class at Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County, Tennessee.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession.
She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
A disciplinary panel of the National College for Teaching and Leadership in Coventry ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
The panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
She said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community'
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side.
The England midfielder injured his ankle against Manchester United.
Wilshere has been out of action since November with ankle injury.
Arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 at the Emirates on Tuesday night.
Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham.
Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured.
An onlooker said: 'The bloke looked absolutely distraught. It was obviously his pride and joy'
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
The Sky Sports pundit questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack.
Francis Coquelin has since hit back at Henry and believes Giroud is worthy of his place in the first team.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
Boehning claims he was targeted by a fellow lawmaker for voting against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia, which are unsurprisingly among the wealthiest on the planet too.
Despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Unsurprisingly the least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' said the now 83-year-old.
Jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
They were initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, but were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed.
The Belgian is one of the hottest prospects in European football.
De Bruyne has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce.
The Poland international had to be replaced after 30 minutes.
There were fears that the 30-year-old had suffered a heart attack.
But he appears to have given the all-clear following tests.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013.
Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive.
Speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg, the former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
Robert Bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter in death of Eric Harris.
Memo reveals colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggest department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
Bates has been out on $25,000 bond and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
It comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled.
Dubbing themselves the 'Milifans' the mostly teenage girls rallied support for the opposition leader.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol.
She began feeling unwell at lunchtime and drove herself to hospital.
Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona, 51, has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who spent hours painting his model.
He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit, making the model even harder to view.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found.
The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma.
His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had made a'miracle' recovery.
She said: 'I'm in shock and it still hasn't hit me that this actually happened'
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 23, 2013.
United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same games.
Louis van Gaal's side lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night.
City now trail United by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby.
Ashley Graham, 27, is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign.
The plus-size model recently launched her own collection of intimates with Canadian company, Addition Elle.
Ashley calls herself a 'body activist' and works to promote healthy body image.
AP McCoy will ride his last two races at Sandown on Saturday.
The 40-year-old insists he will never return to professional racing.
Sir Steve Redgrave famously said: ‘Anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me’
McCoy will be allowed to keep the Champion Jockey trophy handed over to him by guest presenter Ian Wright.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service.
He was caught by a police camera doing 105mph in a 60mph zone.
Garrod pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
But he then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
She mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend.
In the message, she wrote: 'Now remember... [her employer] Rob is a complete d***'
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
The Congolese centre was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to become manager.
Manuel Pellegrini has a year remaining on his contract in Germany.
But a quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers let him go.
Guardiola is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with City's executive pair Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
He won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
Benaud was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
Their journey to Argeles-sur-Mer on France’s Mediterranean coast went without a hitch, despite being in the minority of travellers flying.
The fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna, after arriving in a tired and tetchy state.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it.
It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Ed Mead, executive director of London-based estate agents Douglas & Gordon, said there has been a huge increase in valuations.
Memories Pizza in Indiana has closed its doors after receiving abusive phone calls and online abuse.
Owner Kevin O'Connor said he would refuse to serve gay customers, but as a Christian he disagrees with gay marriage.
The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements, attracting hundreds of one star reviews.
Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the embattled owners via a fundraising page in just one day.
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano.
The Welshman injured his left foot during a training session on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face their second La Liga game in four days.
They travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday evening.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries to accompany your coffee.
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait, here are Will's picks.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
But she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday.
The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress.
She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night.
The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing him.
Police were called to the McDonalds near Darwin about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
The men were taken to Royal
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will not be sold.
The Gunners believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal.
But when push comes to shove, can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction?
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy.
Car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for mansion tax.
He mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found.
Harry Kane has been nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season.
Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize.
Tesla has confirmed it will unveil a revolutionary power pack for the home next week.
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
While products such as this already exist, founder Elon Musk thinks they'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson.
Tesla already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
Ford unveiled its £260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in Milan.
The car will be unrolled across Europe next year with 100 already shipped to China.
Ford has refused to officially confirm its price, but bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction the car has received.
Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator said'mistakes like this happen'
He said that the tweets was sent by a recently hired female communications staffer.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors.
Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
The theme park, which opened in 1979, once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country.
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at £31.5 million mansion.
Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction.
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
Burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets.
Sean Dyche has urged Ings to focus on enjoying his game.
Burnley are just two points from safety in the Premier League.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao made public appearances on Tuesday.
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was in Las Vegas.
Powell reflects on the pair's arrivals on the Las Vegas Strip.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road and landed upside down in about 30 feet of water.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up and the teen died at the hospital several hours later.
Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, remain in critical condition.
US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol.
Senior officials from the Secret Service and Capitol Police briefed top House members behind closed doors.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
The crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
They went to a nearby eatery where they were stabbed in the chest.
Police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player.
It is believed that the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested over the alleged murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
Burnell Mitchell, 61, was arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences.
The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien's fantasy books.
At 1,000 square feet, the guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house.
The tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
There is nothing in Greg Dyke’s proposals to stop Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Santi Cazorla playing for Arsenal.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Scientists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, Switzerland (EPFL) created 'ghosts' by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence' in the room.
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
'This confirms that it is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies in the brain,' said Professor Olaf Blanke of the EIU.
By having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel that a creepy ‘presence’ was behind them.
They counted
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.
They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
Comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Sir James Dyson is investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Scientists at Stanford University are hoping their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with its ability to fully charge in under a minute.
The Greek island of Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism.
Jack Grealish has been accused of getting high on 'hippy crack'
The 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide.
Grealish is the third Premier League starlet to be exposed apparently using the legal high this month.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma.
Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse.
Muskogee police said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side.
The militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
If ISIS manage to gain full control, they can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart of the capital as possibly challenge Assad himself.
U.N. aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp, where thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever.
Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
This follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy, 29, Alice Dellal, 27, singer Foxes, 25, and Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28.
The aim of campaign is to get women to 'wear their support' by shopping the charity collections.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
England came within six points of claiming the Six Nations title.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
All-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development.
Fabian Delph is arguably Villa's most important player.
Sherwood has asked for more forward movement and offensive involvement.
Diego Costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
The Chelsea striker limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury.
Costa is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York.
The cousin of Princes William and Harry embraced the sports luxe trend.
She wore a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses.
At the end of last month, the young royal celebrated her 25th birthday.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game.
Grealish is quick but has a languid style, like Steve McManaman.
Leicester are the form team down there right now.
They have scored 10 in their last four, including three at Tottenham in a game they were unlucky to lose 4-3.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey.
He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
The criminal complaint, which had been under seal since Oct. 28, alleges that Van Haft talked to people about his plan before leaving the United States in August for Istanbul.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool's players are not thinking too far ahead.
Liverpool last reached the final in 2012, when they lost to Chelsea.
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network.
It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, 47.
He was killed by loyalists in Northern Ireland in 1973.
His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general.
Sir Frank, who is now 88, said he had no connection to the case.
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby.
In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway.
The three-day Spring Steam Gala saw crowds flock to witness the annual event.
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner.
Everton defender reveals he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs.
Baines also reveals Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees' dressing room.
Barcelona and PSG meet on April 15 in the French capital.
Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with PSG will prove a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Premier League champions Manchester City.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, but when Raymond failed to respond, he turned him over and saw blood on his face
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks.
She had posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
The mother-of-twins had posted the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence.
Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake'
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night.
It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Pastor John Hagee said the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place, as predicted in the Bible.
Richie Benaud was diagnosed with skin cancer last year and began treatment last year.
The 84-year-old told the Nine Network about growing up in Australia in the 1930s and 40s.
Benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
He said he had never worn head gear as a young player because he had been influence by all rounder Keith Miller.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty.
Christopher Swist, who was dating McCarty just before the alleged killings, had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball.
McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Investigators say McCarty left a note behind at the scene saying she was'sorry for what she had to do'
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
The 34-year-old denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court.
He is standing trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair.
German discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.
It now lags behind only the 'big four' - Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and the Co-operative.
Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6% to 5.3% in the past three months.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward.
City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley when his contract expires.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart Liverpool.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton.
Petr Cech could be out of reach for Liverpool if PSG make a move.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold talks with Memphis Depay.
The Holland international scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season.
Liverpool remain fifth in the Premier League - five points behind Manchester United in fourth.
Vincent Cianni, 63, has spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with; voluntarily signing up for a system that did, and in many ways still does, oppress them.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
Of 50 Dartmouth College students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy League school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game-changers.
With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses.
The 28-year-old Londoner joked to Late Night host Seth Myers that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
Tourism bosses say the show has helped Belfast to become one of the most popular city break destinations in the UK.
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as'swindlers' from the world's benchmark Spanish dictionary.
The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry.
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk was spoiled.
Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
He will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on May 22.
Jessica Knight, four, has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
Doctors say they are unable to treat her because she has pica.
Other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover.
It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and possibly wearing it around the neck.
The treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the ancient rubbish tip.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when quake struck.
But he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.
Mother Rasmila Awal told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy' at Sonit's recovery.
She said: 'I could hear him crying from the ruins of our home'
Family now homeless and living in tarpaulin opposite flattened home.
Robert Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.
Durst's hands were shackled to his sides, and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river.
Swan nicknamed Asbaby is believed to be grandson of grandfather Asbo.
Mr Asbo moved to location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Asbaby'sticks his neck right into punts and boats to nip passengers'
Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace.
Rangers have faced both of his former teams in the league this term.
Murray's Dumbarton side are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier.
Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to Charlie Pye on Friday.
Pye had applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese.
But she is also capable of sign language and is unlikely to engage in smalltalk.
The robot will be set up at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo.
It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the store.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Intel also showed off a 3D-printed experimental dress crowned at the collar with robotic spider legs.
Three children are featured in a ground-breaking TV documentary.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment.
It involves killing off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroying their bone marrow.
Some 30 children a week are diagnosed with cancer - 250 of them die every year.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road at 10.03am.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures.
The club's world-record £750m kit deal is about to kick in.
On July 31 Nike will see their agreement with the club expire.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the Bogan Shire Council in western New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome has been a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge for four years.
The African elephant has taken a liking to the lodge's pool and deck area.
Staff have been trying to deter him from emptying the pools with his antics.
But it appears he is living up to his name and keeps out-witting them.
The new 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration.
It takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood.
Underwood is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience.
'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a cardboard castle for his three-year-old son and daughter.
The family said it will leave the fort up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine.
City officials said that 'waste material or junk' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance's 'designed to protect property values'
The Football League Awards celebrate the 10th birthday of the awards.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football.
He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach German Cup semi-finals.
Sebastian Kehl scored a stunning long-distance volley in the 107th minute.
Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba.
The Italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the France international.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award.
Armitage has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The study, which looked at data from 1914 to 2011, suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto.
And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, shown, revealing the dwarf planet and its moon Charon.
The blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come.
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
Mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin and can barely speak.
Her stomach regularly bloats with liquid, which is no longer being processed by her liver.
Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems.
Binge drinking is costing Britain £4.9bn every year - or £550,000 an hour.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby since January.
The couple have raised enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
They have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the Royal Women’s Hospital.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg in St Petersberg.
He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened.
The truck's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres.
Bazarov suffered a double fracture to his leg as a result of his accident.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly.
This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters.
It’s vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions.
Sir Curtly Ambrose has defended the England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford.
The fast bowler never spoke to the media during his playing career.
Ambrose was one of the West Indies stars, along with Sir Viv Richards and Richie Richardson, who accompanied Stanford when he flew to the Lord's nursery ground in 2008.
Stanford's five-year deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into the contract.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried.
She survived and was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University have raised more than $12,000 for Theia's surgery.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner and Frank Lampard.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at Old Trafford.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
From a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
The Lemays let Jacob wear boy clothes, cut his hair short, and refer to himself as a boy at home.
Jacob was elated when strangers mistook him for a boy in his Prince Charming costume.
Scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.
Early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice.
Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent according to results published in the journal Nature last night.
Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Almost half (46%) of Brits cited that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He was a crucial player in Manchester United's 1998-99 season.
Now he helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks.
An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at a golf course in Queensland.
The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, on Friday.
Officers found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds being treated by customers.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A scene is being preserved at the barber shop where the victim was treated.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living.
70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
Women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts.
Travel through time with this Airbnb rental, which hark back to the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic Age.
The Landgate Cottage in Rye features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings.
In the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression and that included interior decor.
Students, parents and staff at a Melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler.
‘Class A’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain.
The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015.
Although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour'
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
One member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week.
In a stretched NHS, longer shifts are now more common, offering a cost-effective strategy.
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga.
The Frenchman picked up the injury in Tuesday's 0-0 draw at Atletico Madrid.
Carlo Ancelotti is likely to bring Isco into the starting line-up.
Real are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios.
Projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the IPCC are pictured here.
The Duke-led study says variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors.
They claim these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations.
If not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
QPR travel to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue.
John Barnes' view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by Ramsey.
Agnieszka Radwanska lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to Sara Errani in Stuttgart.
The world No 9 is the second top seed to exit the Porsche Grand Prix.
Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas in the second round.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
Italian media claimed Ms Moric tried to take her own life over the weekend.
Ms Moric told her fans she was well and had no intention to end her life.
She said her boyfriend was in Naples at the time of the accident.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale in Cologne, Germany.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'the fat' and 'fatty'
Bianca Rinehart, along with her brother John Hancock, lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting.
The siblings want to access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Gina Rineh is the Asia-Pacific's richest woman.
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother developed problems.
Miss Mulligan is a patron of the Alzheimer's Society and said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Jose Mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.
Muto admits that he isn't sure if he will join the Premier League title chasers despite being pleased with their bid.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London.
At the party in March, where Kate, 33, wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes, the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Gordon said: 'I asked her if Prince George was excited about the new Prince or Princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler and is talking and walking'
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, were discovered early Wednesday one day after they were reported missing.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
New poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader.
Tories hope image will scare floating voters into their arms.
Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon claims she can help 'lead the UK'
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading Test wicket-taker in Antigua.
Anderson took 384th wicket of Denesh Ramdin to claim 384th scalp.
Botham's record had been equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a 20lb rock.
The teenager's sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois.
Officers were called to reports of an argument with Tramond Peet, 18.
They say that Howell had just stolen a gun from Peet and started running.
Police chief Steve Dumyahn said the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun.
He added that Howell was pointing it at Peet when he let go of the gun.
Peet appeared in court Monday charged with aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking.
He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its domestic flights.
The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
Virgin Australia is committed to maintaining an excellent service.
Niamh Geaney, 26, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
The two sides met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.
Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers.
When the flowers open their 'alabaster petals' they are positively regal.
Camellias are amazingly versatile. You can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the Shell Houston Open.
The Surrey-born Englishman is playing in his first PGA Tour event.
Day is hoping to earn a place in the field for the Masters.
Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston.
Jordan Henderson has agreed a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal.
Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms.
His new deal will run until the summer of 2020.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines forced to cancel flights.
Walkout by France's biggest air traffic controllers' union SNCTA will begin at 5am today.
New passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to Dover.
Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso.
Three Good Samaritans frantically tried to extinguish blaze - first using hands, then hurling him into snow bank.
Flowers, of Chili, was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck.
On Sunday, hospital officals announced he had died.
Bricks fell from the top of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
No one was injured during the accident but a minivan below the building was destroyed.
The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
England quick James Anderson plays his 100th Test against West Indies.
Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record haul of 383.
Former Burnley CC team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days.
Dental kits allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns at home.
The kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops.
One of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is DenTek, who sell around 250,000 products a year.
Experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence which suggests DIY dentistry is on the rise.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
Inside, the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
In Umbria, a stately Italian villa, which was built around a 15th century watch tower, is currently on the market for £8.6 million.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere.
Unite baron Len McCluskey has boasted that trade unions 'own' Labour.
The boast comes 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour's budget.
It comes in a foreword to Unite’s magazine.
He urges his members to 'take back our country' and'restore decency'
Sweet Cakes by Melissa faces a $135,000 fine after being found guilty of discriminating against a lesbian couple.
Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her husband Aaron refused to make them a wedding cake in June 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
Video was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden.
It shows two jumpers linking hands as they free fall from plane.
At that moment, the camera from one of the divers's helmets becomes detached and falls to the ground.
Remarkably, the GoPro remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Georgina Bartter died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year.
Her friend Rebecca Hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death.
Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty.
Police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers.
The 22-year-old could leave St James' Park at the end of the season.
Vuckic is currently on loan at Rangers from Newcastle.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia.
The six-year-old disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
Her distraught father Musa said: 'I made a mistake and my daughter is dead'
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker.
The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view.
A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
Her Majesty attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London.
She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event.
The monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders.
Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.
Her Majesty wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent, had no option but to put the distressed pony down.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture.
He hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head.
The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in 2012.
But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed.
That's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
He is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,00 Jews at Auschwitz.
The former SS sergeant was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there in May 1944.
During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed'
Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths.
Eva Kor, 81, was one of the Jews who arrived at Auschwitz in 1944
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Number jumped from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House.
Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm.
Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend.
The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
Schumacher Junior is making his debut in single-seater racing.
He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race.
Le'Veon Bell will appeal the NFL's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
Former Steeler LeGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
The 19-year-old is being watched by a number of Europe's top clubs.
Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
James Tredwell and the uncapped Adil Rashid are the initial frontline spin options.
Steven and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal after it was claimed they stole more than $50,000.
Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia.
They are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital so she could be provided with long term care.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are to marry after reuniting.
The pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.
Pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.
But as a young boy she realised she was gay and came out to her family.
She began transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23.
Mr Dodd, who is studying chemistry at Middlesbrough University, was 'gobsmacked'
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez gave away a $21,960 car for free on Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing.
She said: 'I knew there was no way to fix it. I went to this dark place, and I thought I'd get fired or it would be taken out of my paycheck'
Producers decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales.
May is charged with a single charge of murder and is remanded in custody.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
He posted a mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Gang posing as wealthy Italians built flat-pack wooden cabinet.
They planned to put real cash in briefcase and show it to jeweller.
Then, while price was being agreed, man in cabinet would switch case.
Gang would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on hotel.
Officers suspect similar scams have been carried out across Europe.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
It is the'smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made'
Nicola Sturgeon hailed shock winner of TV debate according to one snap poll.
Labour battling to fend off an SNP landslide in its traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage in average of four polls of viewers.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book — saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster.
The book is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition demanding the spikes be removed.
Critics say the metal studs are there to stop people sleeping rough.
McDonald's say they were installed to stop anti-social behaviour.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
She explained how in 2014, she and her husband got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinsky were expecting a baby.
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta.
Back in 2007, the Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili.
Price was known for her no-cursing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Novak Djokovic eased into the third round of the Monte Carlo Masters.
World number one beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4.
David Ferrer and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also through.
Man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario.
He was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
In the video, the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his T-shirt.
Most sound from the incident seems to be muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window.
Seven baby foxes were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park.
They weighed around six ounces each when taken in by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center.
The center is spending more than $1,000 looking after the foxes, who are being bottle-fed special 'fox milk' and formula.
Charity Bite-Back believes one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption.
It came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club in central London.
Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as 'fish fin soup' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask.
Massimo Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
The 22-year-old creator has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season.
Tim Sherwood is already planning for next season after taking his team to the FA Cup final after beating Liverpool at Wembley last Sunday.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, face felony conspiracy charges.
The GoFundMe page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the Clawson family.
They pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter, claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery.
When shared by KESQ, the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth.
Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife and their two sons before turning the gun on himself.
The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men.
They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing.
The total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
The 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, dentist Dr Sameer Patel warns.
Dr Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London's Harley Street, highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's hard-to-find husband.
The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony.
The images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials.
The latest images are the closest taken yet and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
She will next appear in court on May 8.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department.
The German Shepherd was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
Residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town.
During his eight-year career with the force, Zeus assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrest and also helped officers track down 50 missing or wanted individuals.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from sexual health clinic nine years ago.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked patients without consent.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge will have his fitness monitored.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral.
The Spanish royals are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for Uber during the NFL's off-season.
The Dolphins defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app.
Francis, who played his college ball at Maryland, is set to make $510,000 next season.
Officials at Duke University say they have caught the student culprit responsible for hanging a noose from a tree on campus this week.
The noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building.
It is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
Commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers.
She claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
'Their approach to migrant boats is the sort of approach we need in the Med,' she said.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker.
Bedford Borough Council staff read an article recounting his exploits.
The 'experienced walker' had been attacked by cows in Cumbria in 2012.
He pleaded guilty to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities at Luton Magistrates' Court.
Saving Place opens Tuesday at the Museum of the City of New York.
It traces the trajectory of the preservation movement in New York City, from the end of the 19th century up to the present day.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission was given a mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Owners of properties given the designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods.
They covered their home in wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys.
Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies.
Others were from a gravestone of a grandmother who fought cancer.
Couple were given a 47-week curfew and restraining order banning them from cemeteries.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth Team League.
Goals from Izzy Brown and Dominic Solanke secured victory.
Chelsea are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and holders of the FA Youth Cup.
They will play Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Watford are currently one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time.
Bas van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Liverpool players Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met Van Velzen at Melwood.
Van Velzen showcased his dead-ball skills in front of goal.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour.
The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho said he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat.
But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm)
Enner Valencia will be available again following toe injury.
James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season.
Marc Wilson is available for Stoke despite a broken hand.
Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The north London club are looking at options to 'future-proof the design'
The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London.
Officials will be testing logistics when they stage their three games at Wembley this autumn.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
The starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
Claims on packaging that it is from the UK but a stamp is from New Zealand.
Asda says it has carried out an investigation into the mistake.
Farming unions demand to meet with supermarket bosses to discuss future plans.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica.
The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side.
Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog, given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century.
It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after taking a hit to the face.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
Sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield he will wear against QPR on Wednesday.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
She directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite and concerns over attractiveness.
Michelle Woods, 44, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
It is not clear how the snake ended up in the bathroom, but Ms Woods believes that the previous tenant may have kept snakes as pets.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern.
The top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Iker Casillas gave a young fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time break.
The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff.
Casillas handed the fan his No 1 shirt at the break.
Man shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, around 2:15pm.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
No one else was injured in the shooting, according to reports.
Legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud has died aged 84.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour.
One town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
There are plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges.
Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Kevin Gameiro scored a late equaliser to put Sevilla into the last four of the Europa League.
Sevilla were two goals ahead on aggregate after the first leg.
Kevin Beto had looked to have cost his side their progress, before Gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining.
Karlie Kloss is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School in New York.
The 22-year-old model attended the coding course, which costs $2,000 per student, last year.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona.
The former Manchester United forward was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared with Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Real Madrid.
Kim Kardashian visited St James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday.
She and husband Kanye West are in the Holy Land for a private two-day visit.
They are expected to shoot some footage for their reality TV show in Jerusalem.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed.
Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer.
Benaud was renowned for his calming tone as broadcaster.
His pure disdain for Trevor Chappell's underarm delivery for Australia in 1981 is equally as memorable.
Kyle Walker injured his foot against Burnley earlier this month.
Tottenham confirmed the England international faces another month out of action.
There were fears Walker may have fractured his right foot.
Walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused.
The Keukenhof Gardens in The Netherlands is home to seven million blooms.
The Kenrouken in Kanazawa, Japan, is known for its breathtaking cherry blossom blooms each year.
There are also some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK.
Pippa, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, left a restaurant in Fulham last night.
The pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split.
Miss Middleton wore a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top.
Kentucky Wildcats defeated University of Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in NCAA semi-final.
The Badgers will now face Duke in Monday's final - the school's first since 1941.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
Another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
School security guards and staff manage to break up the fight.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
The 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades, is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras.
A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia.
Jordan survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil.
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for his handball against Monaco.
The Italy international slipped onto the turf after slipping on the turf.
Juventus are on course to complete a treble this season.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 at the Barcelona Open.
Nishikori made a successful start to his title defence.
The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards.
Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, went missing in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
She returned to the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas, six days later, where she said she was'seeking the Lord'
Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe she was brainwashed by the church.
The church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grave has now announced in a YouTube video that she will marry a church elder.
Blue Bell Ice Cream has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company's sales.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress in Malaysia.
Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad.
Laura Cody, 23, and Tanbay Theune, 26, have been criss-crossing the globe.
Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others.
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday.
The Serbian world No 1 has lost his last seven matches to the Scot.
Djokovic is now sixth in the all-time list with Rafael Nadal.
Vincent Kompany injured himself in the Manchester derby last weekend.
The midfielder could have been sent off for a challenge on Daley Blind.
Manuel Pellegrini claims he does not feel under pressure at the Etihad.
Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp have been linked with a move to City.
Sq Ldr Joll was involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft in 1940.
He was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach, but survived.
Ten minutes earlier his mother Mabel Joll received a telegram telling her son was'missing believed killed'
Sq Joll survived the crash and persuaded a ship to take him back to England.
His incredible story came to light as his medals were put up for auction.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
He has scored just twice in the Premier League under Mauricio Pochettino.
His last start was against Aston Villa in early November.
Tottenham are in hock to him for one final year on his £100,000-a-week contract.
Scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country.
Tourism industry brought in £80 million last year alone.
Survey finds that Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August.
The relationship turned sexual in January, according to police.
Worthen allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
He was arrested on Friday afternoon and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation, child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor.
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, 'on business'
Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
Suzanne, whose CV glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering, insists they all ski or snowboard in their free time.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for about two years.
He wandered off from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend.
The family tried to find him, and followed some tracks in the soft grass.
Caesar was shot dead by a Department of Natural Resources conservation officer.
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The 47-year-old actress appeared in Stylist magazine's 'Queen of Everything' feature.
She said: 'I'm not going to be forced to look different every time I go out'
This is the first time that the Duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept.
The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Didier Drogba attended his charity ball at London's Dorchester Hotel.
The Chelsea striker raised a staggering £400,000 for his Foundation.
Drogba was thankful to team-mates Petr Cech, Eden Hazard, Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill, Juan Cuadrado, Nemanja Matic and John Terry for attending the ball.
Project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of Help to Buy scheme.
It doubles number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
Property would be 20% cheaper than market value and reserved for first-time buyers under 40.
The white female student was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking.
But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'
She was identified by other students and condemned for the slur.
Now, the student has been suspended and is facing a USC code of conduct inquiry.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League encounter back in January 2014.
Pardew has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
The 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer Jeremy Snape.
Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title.
The Cote d'Azur outfit will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on Sunday, April 19 in the last four.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Harry Redknapp said Sterling should focus on his football.
Redknapp also said there is very little Liverpool can do to stop him.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
The dinner's hostess, Stephanie Flanders, later left the BBC for a £400,000-a-year job at a bank in the City.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey.
Chris, 20, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank.
The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey.
Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean in recent weeks.
But Neville believes some work on the side in the summer is required.
Manchester City were humiliated by rivals United on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
The pair are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents.
Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road ends, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball.
Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The England striker scored a sublime volley as Sunderland defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography.
A pending law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs, among a laundry list of other places.
The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies, including one that requires 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP.
She demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and hikes in minimum wage in return for propping up Labour government.
But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix.
Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
She struggled to find a girlfriend so decided to create her own app.
David Cameron said he was a West Ham fan, despite supporting Aston Villa.
Tory leader said he had 'brain fade' after getting claret and blue teams mixed up.
Cameron was overjoyed when Aston Villa beat Liverpool in FA Cup semi-finals.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same school.
Mr Osborne attended St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s.
Ms Harman has repeatedly accused the Tories of being 'completely out of touch'
She has previously sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited nursery in Surbiton, south west London.
Pair were supposed to be highlighting Tory plans to double free childcare.
But they struggled with a children's jigsaw teaching toddlers about seasons.
Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan.
After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, is now trying to relocate state employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the new Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The law, brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state.
Benioff was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill, calling it 'brutal' and 'unjust'
ISIS thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Hatra.
They are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
The video comes in the wake of a major blow for ISIS, with Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit falling into the hands of the Iraqi government.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president.
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists in the suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries'
The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer, Darren Wilson, who shot Brown.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
Some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages.
One owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in Birdsville, Queensland.
The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.
McShane said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work, and he was grateful his wife moved up with him to keep him company.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thur
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
Simeone is understood to have asked the Italian how life was in Madrid.
Ancelotti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Sunday.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion during Royals' FA Cup win.
He did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled.
Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident.
The incident occurred during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford City.
Amanda Goff, 40, is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort.
She said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently 'better' mothers' when she revealed her double life on national television.
Ms Goff's ex-husband, Sydney banker David Basha, said he was disgusted with his former wife's decision to publicly announce her identity.
The mother-of-two said she is the 'happiest' she has ever been.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Steve Cotterill's side will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship.
But they made sure Preston wouldn’t make any ground on them in the top two.
Philippe Coutinho moved from Inter Milan to Liverpool in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused at the San Siro.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet.
It has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
The animal earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Videos have also revealed that the animal has distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in Tibet.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation.
She is a Labour party member and owns a £1million house in Islington, London.
But she has not revealed just how comfortable her own house is.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week.
He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street.
Plastic Jesus says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Her death came in the same week as Misao Okawa, who died on April 1.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater.
A movie industry source said Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
Weinstein, 63, was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance as hosts at last summer's World Cup.
Brazil were humiliated by Germany in a 7-1 semi-final defeat.
Chelsea held Arsenal to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry as the captain's best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, has 250,000 visitors so far this year.
The site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening.
Visiting scenes of death and disaster might seem inappropriate to the average holidaymaker, but dark tourism appears to be on the rise.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Her son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents.
Michael Rule, 51, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule, and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem'
Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony.
Sean Heslop has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent.
The 47-year-old has been questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust.
A former pupil, who cannot be named, is said to be pregnant with his child.
She has reportedly been boasting online that she is going to be a mother.
Despite the police investigation, he is 'the happiest he has ever been' according to sources close to him.
England's plane landed at Manchester Airport on Wednesday afternoon.
The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game.
But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
She admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of the £20million ‘politically-motivated witch hunt’ turned against each other.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
While the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping De Gea at Old Trafford.
Downton Abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show.
The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York.
It will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists.
Becky James has been out injured for a whole year.
The British cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter.
Carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.
She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed.
Her release came after her daughter and estranged husband wrote letters to the court urging a judge to set her free.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as Spurs took 2-1 series lead.
Clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in playoff series.
Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old could take over the captain's armband from Steven Gerrard when he leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he did not have the powers to ban the pictures.
But he urged movie starts to resist the temptation at this year's festival.
Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender among 17 films competing for prizes.
The 68th festival will be held in Cannes from May 13-24.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.
They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal.
The Atletico Madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders, even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow.
Paul Scholes claims the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him.
Five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air.
It strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival.
The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner'rear-ended' her Lexus, which was pushed into oncoming traffic.
Stepchildren 'lawyered up' because they are only people who could launch suit.
Lawyers have warned 'the sky's the limit' if it came to a court case.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday.
The advisers said Clinton will argue that voters have a similar choice in 2016.
Clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress, businesses and world leaders.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday.
He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
The company announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.
The increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Workers at fast food chains, including McDonald's, staged protests last year, asking companies to raise wages to $15 an hour and demanding a union.
Chelsea went into the game without a striker against Arsenal.
Jose Mourinho started Willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind Hazard and Oscar.
Oscar was substituted at half-time having not recovered from the blow with David Ospina.
Mourinho is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth Premier League title for this football club.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
She claimed he asked if her breasts were real before touching them.
Manhattan District Attorney concluded criminal charge against Weinstein is 'not supported'
Weinstein, 63, is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman, 38.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was fired by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body’s management board.
The decision to sack a man who has endured a traumatic 14 months since succeeding Hugh Morris was unanimous.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job.
Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a contender.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He averages nearly two reviews a day, spending up to an hour on each one.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings to top attractions.
Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Aston Villa and Liverpool clash at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final.
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month.
But last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax.
On the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Mr Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America after the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite Mrs Tollman.
Alistair Brownlee won the World Triathlon Series in Cape Town.
The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the cycling stage.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Scientists discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
They found that a small genetic element - known as a diversity-generating retroelement - was able to accelerate mutation of a specific part of the virus's own genome.
This is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
The findings suggest that life living beneath the ocean floor and in the cracks of rocks deep the surface could be far more diverse than previously thought
An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging eight floors from a balcony of a hotel before landing into a swimming pool.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson.
The man suffered 'injuries to both legs and was in a stable condition' but according to ABC, the man sustained a broken leg and internal injuries.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up'
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League.
Leicester City host Swansea City in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Reading travel to Arsenal in the Gunners' Premier League clash.
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian, China, has not spoken a word in five days.
He drank water laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank.
But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk.
They say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran.
Kuta and his 14-year-old companion, who has not been named, were pinned in by a dividing wall.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
AC Milan's starting line-up which defeated Liverpool in 2007 had an average age of 31y 34d.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy were left to play in front garden of Doncaster home.
But they were snatched when the couple weren't looking, and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
Couple are offering £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets to writer Noel Clarke on Twitter.
Mr Clarke said Deacon viewed him as a friend and fell out over work.
Deacon was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in Chicago is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
It took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
The show centers on Lucious Lyon, played by Terence Howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over his entertainment business.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
Experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded Paul for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended FBI agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr has refused to respond to criticism from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach.
Roach has called Mayweather Snr a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of the May mega-fight in Las Vegas.
'He's not going to get under my skin now. I've got the right thing to do now,' said Floyd Snr of Roach's criticism.
Vaccine is based on animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus.
When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Poster for Protein World diet supplements has struck a collective raw nerve.
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company.
Many of its posters have been defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people have signed a petition to have them removed.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible.
While their test applies only to Raven II, other surgical robots that use similar teleoperation were likely also at risk.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose.
The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca.
Biosca produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a recluse.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep'
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat.
The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart rescued five horses from flood water near Dungog, a small town in the NSW Hunter Valley region.
He paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater.
Pictures show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern as he struggles to lead them out of the water.
The NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast.
James Weld has stumped up £15,000 to restore a public path to Durdle Door.
The steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in 2012.
Since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff to reach the shore.
Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law for three years.
Navinder Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years.
His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London, giving him a massive commercial advantage.
He was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities, who have accused him of helping to trigger the Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of 2010.
Sarao spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach.
Hurst then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Mr Cameron will also argue ‘true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
The Pope, 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
The men were helped by charity'Detained in Dubai' to pay £9,000 for a lawyer to fight their case.
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
He was taunted by a group of three men and one woman before snatching a hat from his head.
One of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
Online support group called Support Gareth has already attracted over 1,500 likes on Facebook.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail.
Gary Terry, 35, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake BueneVista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson doesn't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track, and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
She was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs.
After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele.
'Now I have a home that is nice and I have three nice meals a day,' she wrote.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer.
But they rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind Papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana.
The pair caught a Bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock.
Suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster.
Sound of the fish making impact with the youngster’s face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes.
Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his career.
Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in his first red-ball innings.
England have won their last three Tests under Alastair Cook.
The FA Cup will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal.
The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
It comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him.
The managing editor can be heard yelling 'He's a photographer! He's press!' to no avail.
Giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the Gray protests.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
He thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire.
Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries.
The metal wire was sent to a pathology lab and Parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks.
Jarvis, who's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff, admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore.
The Pacific Coast Highway (Route 1) takes you from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
The scenic route winds through some of California's most wonderful scenery.
From Carmel, you find yourself at the edge of the spectacular area known as Big Sur.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment.
Her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined and she says she now hopes to move.
Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her hit debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at Wrestlemania 31.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion Rousey made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
Rousey's focus is on her much-anticipated UFC bout against also undefeated Bethe Correia in Brazil.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m per year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen and published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and also how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday.
His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
Labour election chiefs reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail.
First ever drawing of The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine set to fetch £10,000.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts eponymous submarine from 1968 film.
Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as master version.
It features handwritten notes instructing artists on correct colours to use.
Yellow Submarine led onto Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce was furious at fourth official Robert Madley.
The Hammers boss also screamed at the linesman from the sidelines.
Allardyce also questioned whether Stewart Downing paid the price.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, stabbed Ricky James 39 times.
Told police he wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and cut him with butcher's knife.
Also blamed victim for murder, saying: 'Why would anyone go drinking and go into woods with someone who looks like me?'
Sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole.
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner frequently visits Tel Aviv on business and is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
The 30-year-old lingerie model, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
Only days after welcoming her son into the world, Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot, which she shared on Sunday with her 1.6 million Instagram followers.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes to conserve energy.
'Child 44' tells story of serial killer who targets children in Stalin era.
Film, based on novel by Tom Rob Smith, was due to premiere in Russia today.
Russia's culture ministry said it distorted history as it celebrated victory over Nazi Germany.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh.
She left £325,000 in her will to help poorer pupils attend the school.
The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio.
Ms Cowan asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle said.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Jason Denayer is set to return to England to spend a season on loan.
Manchester City have told Denayer they want him to spend next season.
Denayer has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
The 19-year-old had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the DEA since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The White House declined today to praise her.
Leonhart has been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct.
Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the mammoth omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and was made using 150 fresh eggs.
But he says it would take more than five people to eat it.
The overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein.
More than 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm Saturday until 6am Sunday.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
Fantasy Café is one of the first establishments in China to start charging an 'air-purifying fee'
The shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day.
The decision has proved popular among customers, who are mainly students and white collar workers.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea as they beat Leicester City 1-0.
John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish that Kasper Schmeichel could not stop.
Marc Albrighton levelled for Chelsea with a first-half header.
Ramires curled the third into the top corner to make it 3-1.
Jose Mourinho's side face Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes.
He believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country.
After picking up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji, he attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
QPR could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Nick Woodman, 39, is set to be named America's highest-paid CEO of 2014.
He clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth.
NHS does not routinely remove the type of tumour Colby had, instead treating the condition with medication.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
The E! star, 40, was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday.
Her memoir Going Off Script details her relationship with Jerry O'Connell, who she met in San Diego in 2003.
In an excerpt from the book, she claims Jerry cheated on her with Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell, but she still took him back.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma in December.
She played four games and made five layups before the spreading tumor made her stop.
Her team held its annual dinner in the hospital where she was being treated.
As her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device.
It is moved through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan.
These channels have been designed to reduce how much drag the air flow is subjected to as it moves through the 'ball'
Panasonic Japan, which designed the device, said that a 'high-pressure jet airflow' creates straight, direct blasts of air.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams.
Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Aston Villa travel to Manchester City on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood is confident his side can secure Premier League survival.
Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti suspended for clash.
PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2 in French Cup semi-finals.
Barca drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday.
Only a third of the public see Miliband as a 'capable leader'
Just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis', according to poll.
Ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent.
Poll comes ahead of tonight's crunch 'Challengers' debate.
The spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries.
The volume mapped is roughly circular, so it's a bit like slicing an orange vertically from the edge through to the opposite edge.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two men on her pig farm over a one-year span.
She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
The case will be appealed, the defense said.
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio.
He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog.
In court documents, Santana confessed to the strangling, stabbing and sexual intercourse.
Santana is now claiming he has multiple personalities, including one named 'Michael'
This came just days after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself.
Dr. Frederic Brandt killed himself on Easter Sunday, weeks after the March 6 launch of The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix.
In the show, Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face.
Friends admit Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed.
Another friend, hair colorist Kyle White, said Brandt 'never thought it was fun'
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim.
They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Because milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet, switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, they warn.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures.
On Wednesday, Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
She had met the boy at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages, but last year, the messages became sexual.
They exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night.
Pep Guardiola split his pants during the match.
The German club's manager joked he'd have to buy new ones.
Other famous faces have fallen foul of the skinny look.
Russell Brand, Dermot O'Leary and Olly Murs have all fallen foul.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The 27-year-old bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Australia during the race.
Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies.
Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.
The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out.
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007.
I can't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
What exactly is noteworthy about two men praying on the concourse at Anfield during Liverpool's FA Cup tie with Blackburn Rovers last month?
Why is it that when another group of supporters did the same thing at West Ham, their actions were met with similar consternation?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Three most likely to vote Labour were Michelle, June and Andy.
Most likely LibDem names were Tim, Kathryn and Samantha.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, yesterday.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is one of the most controversial photographers in the fashion industry.
He is known for his racy photo shoots as well as for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him.
This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
In a new interview with Vogue it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician.
He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
The shock caused him to fall 12ft onto the roof of a toilet block.
Nathan was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
Open Garden’s FireChat app has been downloaded more than five million times.
It uses a tool used by Apple for AirDrop, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users.
But there are limits to how far a message can travel in this way - at around 200ft (61 metres)
In FireChat there are 'chatrooms' called Everyone and Nearby.
The former searches for all users, while the latter applies to people within Bluetooth and Wi-Fi range who are also using the app.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
Sergio Aguero was a star at Atletico before being replaced by Radamel Falcao.
Diego Costa has now become that bloodied battering-ram Mario Mandzukic.
The secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret.
Manager of deli in Brooklyn said Detective Ian Cyrus was caught on camera stealing cash.
His supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
Officers reportedly took money from cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence.
Manager Ali Abdullah was given receipt from police the following day.
But he realised $2,650 in store rent money was missing.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri's side have conceded only four goals in eight games.
Allegri believes Monaco will be a different proposition to Borussia Dortmund.
The tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate.
But instead of getting lucky, the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back.
The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
After just one month, a GoFundMe page started for the cause has received some $11,000 in donations.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie are to be moved to a site nearby.
Presley bought both planes in 1975 and spent at least $300,000 refurbishing them.
They have been at Graceland since the 1980s, where they have their own entrance.
The Lisa Marie was bought by Elvis from Delta Air Lines in 1975 for $250,000.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
United need a quality right back – Nathaniel Clyne has been linked.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters.
The series aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight.
Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
But the club claimed the total theft amounted to £26,000.
Hughes, 31, spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair will slug it out at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown.
Pacquiao took to his Instagram account to share a video of his morning run.
Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Steve McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season.
McClaren admits there had been interest in him from Newcastle around the turn of the year.
But the Rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports.
Chloe Valentine died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
'We are actually the lucky ones, because we had Chloe in our life,' her grandmother said.
Coroner found social workers 'flagrantly disregarded
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Elite troops called in from Nairobi to aid in pre-dawn attack on university.
But soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claims.
Criticism comes as one of four gunmen identified as lawyer son of Kenyan official.
Government representatives have defended long response time, comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Four Roma men and women accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
All face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million.
They deny the charges against them, saying the babies were 'a gift'
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
The gang received £60,000 a week from the sale of unlicensed medicines during 2011 alone - a turnover of more than £3million.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
Animal charity has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act.
Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt.
The stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works.
The group of 40 tourists took part in a number of exciting activities, from white water rafting to hiking.
But it seems that Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday.
The Irish FA are awaiting a report from structural engineers.
Windsor Park is undergoing major redevelopment.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril.
Abril was forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
He withdrew again this week as he is still reeling from the after-effects of the virus that has left him unable to train.
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in Dubai in October 2016.
It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 will debut on Nov 20, 2015.
Researchers quizzed 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits.
Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol.
Between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six% were classified as adult only.
Comedian Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
She poked fun at President Obama, Hillary Clinton and the media at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom'
One of Strong's best jokes was when she said Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
The funny lady wore an expensive J.Mendel Floral Halterneck Mermaid Gown.
Laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school in Raqqa.
It also lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses.
This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks are still not enforced.
Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge.
At some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.
The reality star reportedly became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
She was eventually booked into a local jail where she kicked a police officer.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG)
She played four games for Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team in Ohio.
She raised more than $1.5million for research into the cancer she suffered from.
LeBron James, 30, posted emotional farewell letter to her via Twitter on Friday.
James, who had never met Lauren, wrote: 'You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten'
The Cleveland Cavaliers player signed
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour in 10 marginal seats.
Ukip leader admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg accused Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday following their 2-0 loss to Derby County.
Caldwell has been at the club for five years.
Wigan are eight points adrift of safety in the Championship.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was arrested last Saturday for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her daughter and her friends at their Evans, Georgia home.
She had been a life-long Mormon and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband James, who was suffering from PTSD.
But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed the teenagers to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her.
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night.
Gary Mackay-Steven and Jim McAlister scored for the hosts.
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games.
Indian salesman accused of posting 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
The 41-year-old allegedly posted the derogatory statements after watching a news bulletin about the war in Iraq on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail.
Prosecutors are now looking for the toughest punishment possible under the country's cyber-crime laws.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City on Friday morning.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out.
Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
The menu, priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings, is a five-course set meal.
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
He will appear in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford, 47, today.
Ms Woodford's body was found with'massive injuries' at flat in Wales.
She was last seen by her family around 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin.
Her family today paid tribute to her, describing her as 'kind-hearted' and'selfless'
They said: 'Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone'
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record.
This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures.
Players with 60 caps playing overseas could be selected for test matches.
Players with over 60 caps will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas.
Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for us were the Ruins of St Paul’s and Senado Square.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Sterling did win the visitors' penalty after he was fouled by Bellering.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
The technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds.
When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies depending on how weak or strong the signal is.
Lower down on the planet, temperatures are believed to drop to a still
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, reportedly shot dead by Eric Heath Price, 25, on Monday.
She ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police'
Price then returned to nearby home and staged standoff with 40 police.
When police fired tear gas into house, he came outside and was taken to hospital.
He has since been charged with murder of Mrs Price, who was a nursing student.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
The 2010 winner claimed a second title at Harbour Town after coming through a playoff against Kisner.
Furyk dropped in his second shot at the par-three 17th from 12ft after Kisner had come up short.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in the semi-final of Monte Carlo.
The world No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disneyland opened in California on July 17, 1955, with 10,000 people expected.
In 1955, an adult ticket cost a mere $1, with additional charges for attractions.
Today, guests spend 83 times the amount they did in 1955, totalling $196.
The total cost for creating Disneyland was $17million, which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain $75million in 1989, and $100million for Indiana Jones Adventure in 1995.
Producer Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of a track entitled I Won't Mind, but has since taken it down.
The video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two.
It also enraged Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre says police acted 'outrageously'
Karen Davis was reported for flashing her breasts on Google Street View.
The 38-year-old handed herself into police voluntarily.
Ms Davis was branded a 'bad mother' and 'pure filth' for her raunchy behaviour.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
Found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Koepke had been banned from keeping pets until May 2015 after animal hoarding case in 2011.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old has also been charged with preparing and instigating acts of terrorism.
He is the brother of Boney M's lead singer Liz Mitchell.
Mr Mitchell founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where Abdul Hadi Arwani was a preacher until 2011.
His home was searched last night because 'he and his Muslim friends had nowhere to go'
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn.
Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Issues Yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final.
This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
Keys had dominated four opponents in reaching her first clay-court final.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Blackpool in the third minute.
Darren Bent added a third goal inside the half-hour mark.
Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 28th minute with a thumping penalty.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children, and her story will be featured in a TV documentary.
Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs.
Demetri Nelson, 27, allegedly broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
He told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home.
Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car.
Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Authorities said he has a history of violent offense convictions and has been placed on the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office Most Wanted list.
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village when locals signed a petition.
They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and was a 'ticking time bomb'
But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures.
Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life.
The safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, is £671,759.
This is more then the average cost in some of the UK's most expensive cities.
In Notting Hill, prices average £1,629,495, while Regent's Park comes in with an average property value of £1,338,467.
Natasha Willard, 17, was studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran, Wales.
She appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition worsened.
Her family are unsure how she became ill so suddenly.
They are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Doctors have told them they are unsure whether she will make a full recovery.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members at Columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor.
The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
The Carlisle manager has taken charge of Carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters.
Curle won three England caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final last weekend.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was sent off after extra-time.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Rand Paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including Savannah Guthrie.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
Paul, who announced his bid for the Oval Office on Tuesday, admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them.
He maintained that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing'
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
The seven-year-old was microchipped and was able to trace his owner.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds.
Ulster and Ireland prop Fitzpatrick had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online.
Her first pair sold for $70.
Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground.
An 80-year-old man and an 81-year old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks.
Today, police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie.
Godiva's Alter Eggo's can be customised with hair, eyes and a smile.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta.
The boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority.
Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
He had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago, when NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
Derby have not won in seven games under Steve McClaren.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama, last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm.
Fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
'Untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
But Dr Des Spence warns newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara scored a century on his Surrey debut.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in graveyard of St Nicholas Church.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
Norris was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
Details of the doctors' brutal murders in the northern Iraqi desert were reported by the country's Al-Sumaria satellite television network.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
'Women love cars just as much men! I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards,' she says.
But that's not the reason she believes she'd be perfect for the role.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-0 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's early own goal gave the visitors a slim victory.
Aitor Karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the Premier League.
Bournemouth, who relinquished first place, play their game in hand on Saturday.
Girl, 16, was thrown from car after it veered off road and landed on top of her.
Driver, who has not been identified, was trapped underneath for more than four hours.
Two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006.
In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
The officer joined the Marana Police Department roughly a year-and-a-half ago, where he is now being investigated by Internal Affairs.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged earlier this week
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in all competitions for Preston North End this season.
Davies will be looking to play a helping hand in the Deepdale outfit's efforts to seal League One promotion this campaign.
Ulster have announced the signing of New Zealand international Charles Piutau.
Piutau has agreed a two-year deal from July 2016.
The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly.
Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless.
But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in Manchester United.
The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986.
Ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute with a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas added a third after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
Louis van Gaal's side have now lost their last two Premier League games.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a moment of madness.
Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey.
Zavala later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.
In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Relations between Moscow and Washington, and other Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student.
Alcorn allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting her.
The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
Xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his Las Vegas gym.
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Kimmel's talk show.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: 'The English boys don't learn'
West Indies toiled to 188-5 on day one of the second Test.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
He insisted UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
Experts warn up to 30,000 migrants could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled.
Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off Libya.
Second spectacular blast from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash.
The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
Ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Previous and equally violent eruptions at
Most Rev Justin Welby said victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican.
He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
Channel 7 allowed the name Hugh G. Rection to feature on the screen during the broadcasting of The Royal Children’s Hospital's Good Friday Appeal.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child.
His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school.
He also refused to leave the family house for years.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros.
She is a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
Labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband.
Support for the Greens rose steadily over two years, and peaked at 28 per cent in February.
England beat West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test.
Alastair Cook scored the runs to win the match for England.
Cook has not scored a century yet but is making good half-centuries.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen distanced herself from comments.
She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Assistant manager Steve Thompson has been suspended by the club.
Thompson is understood to have been told that he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
Doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight.
She has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will then move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Devon.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
If successful, she will set her on the path to citizenship.
Heather Mack, 19, is being held over the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
She is accused of murdering her 62-year-old socialite mother in Bali.
Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly visited Mack in Kerobokan Prison.
He checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners.
Mack is expected to learn on Tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years for the murder.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits.
They include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary.
The images, captured by anonymous travellers, were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband, Chris Kyle.
Kyle broke down in tears on the stand during the first day of the trial.
She has written a new book about her marriage and the aftermath of Chris's death.
Tommy Thompson, 62, led excursion to SS Central America in 1988.
Ship sank off Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Thompson and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault.
Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
It was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to Battle of Britain as it crash-landed.
The fighter plane was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber.
In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative.
Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title.
Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner, having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend.
Adam's 66-yard goal against Chelsea gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois no chance.
Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves.
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies.
Their success may lie in the use of words author J.K Rowling chose across the series - rather than the texts as a whole.
By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings.
Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity'
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas sailed past the Explorer of Seas as it made its way out of Southampton Docks.
The ship, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, will be based in Southampton this summer.
It will then move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain and constipation.
She also frequently needed to urinate and had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis.
It was only when she stumbled across a post on her Facebook timeline, which detailed all the same symptoms, that she realised it could be cancer.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding raider in Flixton.
The father-of-three was only on his second shift at Premier Stores.
CCTV footage shows the robber vault the counter before wrestling with the cashier.
Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in Palmers Green.
It allowed fraudsters to remotely access the computer to transfer cash.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678.
Ore was due to stand trial this week but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
She claimed masterminds of the fraud had threatened her then two-year-old daughter.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for Rangers.
Stuart McCall's side moved into second place with six games remaining.
McCulloch was shown a red card for an elbow on Osman Sow.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs at the time of his arrest last year.
He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender.
Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
Mundo Deportivo are reporting that if Barcelona beat Sevilla, then they're 'halfway to La Liga'
Pictures show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border.
Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger.
The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, 29, in Dublin.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a social media project called Twin Strangers.
The aim of the experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world'
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying on a tiled-floor, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club.
The 23 year-old privileged son of Andrew Lazarus was jailed for at least three years for the crime on March 27.
He told the court that attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg took it easy in second practice in Bahrain.
Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.
The circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.
William Schultz, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home.
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses alternative medicine.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck.
Poulter finished tied sixth at the US Masters with a final round of 67.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden.
Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years.
The 39-year-old won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996.
Amal Clooney, 37, tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since.
From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses, the lawyer always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Laura Robson has been practising in the United States.
The 21-year-old shared a photo on Instagram of her at Tortuga.
Robson's last appearance came in the 2014 Australian Open first round.
She has not played since due to a left wrist problem.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets.
Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street.
She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry.
Lord Janner escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations.
CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing through the courts.
He was able to escape prosecution for eight years until CPS announced he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's.
Lord Macdonald QC said: 'It is a matter of great regret that I was never informed of the existence of this case in 2007'
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first Masters debutant to win since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence.
Two of his closest associates sat as directors until King forced them out.
New YouGov poll shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for SNP.
Just 25 per cent backing Labour, robbing him of any chance of majority.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government.
But she insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
Luka Modric hobbled off the Bernabeu pitch with a knee injury.
The Real Madrid midfielder has sprained a ligament in his right knee.
Gareth Bale picked up a calf injury in the same game on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexican striker is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs.
Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to transgender women.
The finishing school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
It includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape.
The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature'
The team have already patented the optical part of the system.
It is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy.
Scottish Conservative Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today.
Booker Prize winner Hilary Mantel's novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage.
The bestselling author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway.
In preparation, the title of her second book has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'
The play will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow.
SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day.
He also mocked the Digger's bravery and accused them of war crimes.
The comments incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
United have won all five of their Premier League matches in his absence.
Van Persie's stats are favourable in comparison to his fellow strikers.
Wayne Rooney has scored 12 times in 27 games and 2,383 minutes.
Sketch made light of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, raping her 16-year-old student.
It sparked outrage on Twitter, with some calling it 'gross'
Another said it was a 'new low' and a 'gross and unnecessary'
YouTube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 Rubik's Cubes 961 times.
The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere.
During the clip, a squeaky backing track plays that wouldn't sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man.
Kanye West penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
The 37-year-old rapper stars on Paper's latest cover, donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori.
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic.
He draws up his list of things to see and do on Gran Canaria.
More than 200 people queued outside the new Aldi store in Avlaston, Derbyshire.
The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors.
It is one of 60 Aldi stores opening across the UK this year.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll.
Nazarbayev said: 'If I had interfered, I would have looked undemocratic'
Luis Suarez scored his second goal of the game to make it 3-0 to Barcelona.
The Uruguayan scored his third goal in as many games for the Catalan giants.
PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu was sent the wrong way for Luis Suarez.
Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, has been placed on FBI's Most Wanted list.
FBI has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to move the Blues within two wins of being crowned champions.
Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are currently on a six-game winning streak.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young travelled to London via train on Friday.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four players ruled out of the clash.
Robin van Persie or Juan Mata could start up front for United.
The tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island.
When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head.
PC Bird stepped in to save him but as he did he was shot in the hand.
Olsen, from Dartford, Kent, was jailed for 12 years at Inner London Crown Court.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town.
In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy allegedly had sex.
with a 17-year old student at his house before school.
Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are set to fight on Saturday.
The fight has been billed as the fight of the century.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the fight.
Mayweather will put his undefeated professional career on the line.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character.
The mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones.
Promise has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen and Princess Jasmine from Aladdin.
Footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, New York, appears to show Thabo Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers.
Moments later, the video shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs.
It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them.
Steve McClaren's side were held to a 2-2 draw by Watford at the iPro Stadium.
The result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute after Cyrus Christie lost the ball out on the right but a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling.
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time and flew home on April 1, two days after the pair went missing.
He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute'
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945.
At its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States.
But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels.
Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
The mysterious cardboard signs have appeared in the Surrey village of Milford.
Written in black marker pen they say: 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk'
They have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension.
The midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United on March 21.
Dick Advocaat will welcome him back to the club on Sunday.
Sunderland sit just a point clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Italian bio-designers MHOX have unveiled project to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease.
It could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision, people would be able to replace their entire eye.
The MHOX Eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old joined the Italians for a fee in the region of £12million.
Shaqiri has tailed off in recent weeks and has been dropped to the bench for the previous two Serie A matches.
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire earned the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
But it was the failure of referee Paul Tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Professor Simon Baron-Cohen believes people of whatever gender fall somewhere along a'systemiser' to 'empathiser' spectrum.
In women the two fingers are typically the same length.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in Vietnam in past year.
Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
They are sold for £625 each and smuggled to China for use in traditional medicine.
Only 1,245 of the animals remain in captivity in Vietnam, compared to 4,000 in 2005.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday.
The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
Mesut Ozil says he is playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
The German star says 10 years of playing football had taken their toll.
Ozil says his injury has helped him recover and adjust to the Premier League.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, charged with sexual battery.
They were arrested after police uncovered cellphone footage of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month.
The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair.
Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished.
It is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers.
The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp.
They found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics, and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio, both of which can cause serious food poisoning.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
'All shots were done perfectly. These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke.
After changing her diet and exercising, she shed 8st.
Now a size 12, she says: 'I'm proof you can succeed and I want to feel healthy'
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference.
She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the conference.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford, Kent.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was stunned to discover she was expecting again.
Doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago.
The mother-of-four stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November.
Thabo Sefolosha was arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration.
The Atlanta Hawks star said his injury had left him in 'great pain'
He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antic for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene.
Police have launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force when overpowering the player.
Charities last night welcomed move to create new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only Liberal Democrats had promised to add lessons to curriculum.
But last week Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added support.
Tory Health Secretary Andy Burnham said issue was 'close to his heart'
Rickie Lambert has scored 20 goals for Southampton this season.
Brendan Rodgers' decision to ignore Lambert, in favour of Mario Balotelli, is completely illogical.
Lambert has enjoyed the opportunity to score for his boyhood team but he deserves more football.
Mother demands $63.99 water table from WalMart, $19.99 play tent from Ikea.
She also requests $7.99 Cheerios book and $63 Water table from Walmart.
Email has been viewed more than a million times on Reddit.
The recipient of the email labelled the post 'Most demanding 1st birthday invite ever'
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor.
Jonas lost her bout with Taylor, but was widely praised for her performance.
A video from the Philadelphia Office of Transportation shows characters in'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone.
It is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones.
More than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent are 18 to 34, Mayor's office planner Ema Yamamoto said.
The campaign has more slogans such as 'It's road safety, not rocket science' and 'jaywalking can lead to not walking'
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret'
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable'
Gray's stepfather, Richard Shipley, confirmed the death of his stepson.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty.
The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands.
A price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers.
British farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down.
The rapper and businessman launched a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal.
Tidal, which launched on March 30, has fallen out of Apple's top 750 apps after a peak at No. 83 on April 7.
Reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple.
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the visitors in the first half.
Edward Ofere equalised for the hosts from close range in the second half.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color'
In the video, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina.
He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said.
Mr Stack captured the video just days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott, 50, five times.
Pictures show young bear chained to tree and attacked by dogs in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
Contest held in forests of diamond-rich Sakha Republic to recognise best canine bear hunter.
Bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia as they awake hungry following winter hibernation.
Pictures likely to anger animal rights and anti-hunting groups in the West.
John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents, Roar.
The film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production.
'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family,' says Marshall.
Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge.
He said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service.
London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining.
To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League.
Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now 65 stone.
He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
But after the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief.
Now he spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to sleep in just 42 seconds.
The clip has now received almost 26,000 views.
Nathan glides a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off.
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ between now and June 24.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
Book contains Alan Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
Book will be sold by Bonhams in New York on Monday.
Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a legal dispute.
His behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in LAX to file a lawsuit.
Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Kendall Jenner.
Mr Ross is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty.
But Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection.
Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week after 12 Christian men were allegedly thrown into the Mediterranean Sea.
Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel.
But were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Yeboah, from Ghana, told police in Palmero that he boarded a dinghy in Libya heading to Sicily last Saturday and said the men threw three of his friends and six others into
Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for TLC.com.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
She has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing
Volcanic eruptions are some of the most violent events on the planet.
They throw out millions of tonnes of gas, ash and molten rock with each eruption.
But the majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater.
Now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes.
Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead.
This could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes.
about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.
It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso.
Privately owned Blue Origin has not started selling tickets for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
They are titled 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about to be swept to sea
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
He laughed and joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives.
The Prince is in Australia to report for official military duty but enjoyed his interaction with excited fans.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man.
She injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her six patients.
All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital.
Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Lisa Webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France.
She feared her daughter would starve during the day.
But when offered chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
In her native Canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225.
FBI is facing accusations that it is 'whitewashing' possible Saudi involvement.
A commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an FBI agent's claims that a Saudi Florida family had ties to the hijackers.
Relatives of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi lived in the plush Sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars, furniture and food in their refrigerator right before the 9/11 attacks.
Some observers have speculated that the Middle Eastern country helped back Osama Bin Laden.
Surveillance video shows a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
The footage captured at Spring Garden station shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago.
She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online.
Heinrich realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente.
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
Paul, who launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky, sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions.
Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped.
The African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
The amazing images were taken in the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
Charles Collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks after Alfred McNamee fell.
McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen.
Collins said: 'I just saw him and jumped down... just instincts'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyer.
Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing four games for her college team.
Hill's casket was brought by a hearse to Xavier's Cintas Center - the site where she made a left-handed layup to open a Division III game on November 2.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop.
The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection.
Pocket Wellies claim to provide the protection you need from mud, water and snow.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos.
As the light was fading on Monday, three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, but this one later in the day appears even larger.
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder.
He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
In the clip, which features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented, Gobitac is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players.
Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United.
United now have a eight-point cushion over Liverpool and are in good shape to make the Champions League.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, passed away on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
She was already the oldest person in America.
Last week she asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister Lydia, face of Sunkissed.
The Essex-born stars in second campaign for the tanning brand.
Lucy admits she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years.
Says she doesn't wear heavy eyeshadow or too much fake tan like at school.
Warrington Wolves face struggling Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for the Wolves.
He left his boyhood club Castleford Tigers at the end of last season.
The Wolves have won their last five home games against Castleford.
Britain's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009.
The Queen's wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340million.
She placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m.
Len Blavatnik topped the list with a fortune of £13.2bn.
Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn.
Software extracts relevant colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows clear trend toward more blue paintings toward end of 20th Century.
All colours increasing except for orange, according to Martin Bellander.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
'I've herded goats in the Middle East, run beer-pong tables in Laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in Cambodia,' Mr Hatton said.
He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica after developing a serious leg infection.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent.
Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
StatusPeople.com, the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool, reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's followers are 'good'; 15 per cent are 'fake'
TwitterAudit.com sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake.
Clinton is in Monticello, Iowa on Tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential 'listening' tour.
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
The pay is not great, but the job is prestigious and passed by personal recommendation among friends.
Ronald Reagan was over-chummy, so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the second round of the World Snooker Championship.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16.
But Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time.
Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact.
The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
A replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette set sail for the United States on Saturday.
Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort.
French President Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the ship, which was due to set sail later in the day.
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment.
He said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of the government.
Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency.
A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays.
Others say they protect the skin from the inside.
Here, Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, gives his verdict.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised Oratory School in London.
It said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.
The state-funded school in Fulham, West London, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year.
A High Court judge branded the decision by the watchdog 'flawed'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move.
Pedro is set to start for Barcelona against Almeria on Wednesday.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Misse Beqiri last year.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard has struggled for minutes throughout his career at Manchester United.
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, have shown that passive smoking affects plants too.
They found that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.
This may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
A surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine.
U.S Surgeon General has enlisted Elmo to urge American children to get vaccinated.
Campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite explain to children why it is so important.
In response Dr Murthy compares getting vaccinated to using an umbrella when it rains and wearing a helmet on a bike.
Sarah Wilson has hit out at the Mamamia website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an eating disorder.
The journalist and lifestyle guru complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story.
Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
Celebrity chef Pete Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, was recently dropped by its publisher.
Dele Alli was named the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old has impressed for MK Dons since his £5million move.
Alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for the Dons.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.
The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs.
But despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against the Protein World advert.
The 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
Online fitness store Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media.
Ian Brady wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital.
The 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
Brady, who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around, expressed no remorse for his killings.
Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Zinedine Zidane insists Bale will not join the Red Devils this summer.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. He had to be a woman,' said Crownover.
Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, married his college sweetheart in 1972.
The couple separated when she was pregnant with their second child and later divorced.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James chipped in with 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school.
The pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
It has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as Katie worries that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place, describing it as an 'urban myth'
Graeme Swann has shown his upset at having his F-type Jaguar stolen in Nottingham.
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par.
The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
Her worldwide streak is 32, counting the three rounds she played in her victory in the Ladies European Tour's New Zealand Women's Open this year.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class because the products smell.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained.
On Thursday, Lake County school district told the station they would not suspend Logan.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand.
But she was told her stall, Chit Chaat Chai, would not be allowed.
Council has now apologised and said it 'never intended to be racist'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
The National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts.
A motion to hold a ballot on strike action was announced yesterday at the NUT annual conference in Harrogate.
Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city.
One of the couple's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11.
The couple enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
His bones were found fused to the walls of the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
They belong to a Neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole in the cave.
Over the thousands of years that followed, the body decayed.
The bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind.
New research suggests Neanderthals may have used wild herbs to flavour their food.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his divorce.
The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
It is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, says Jamie Carragher.
Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp.
The Argentine has now scored 400 goals for Barcelona in 471 games.
Luis Suarez scored his first goal for Barcelona after 56 seconds.
Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty for Valencia.
Barcelona move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year.
The product, called Droops, is still in the early stages, but Mr Chow says the coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost £80.
He drew'memories to my childhood' and 'the surprising and fun element of dispensing sweets from a gumball machine'
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
Survey found that this type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year.
Of those harassed online by parents, 15 per cent had threats made against them, compared to seven per cent in 2014.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.
Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Secretary Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 73rd minute.
Gerard Pique made a game-saving tackle on Celta Vigo striker Charles.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez all scored in the win.
Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Rory McIlroy faces record high temperatures on the first day of play at Augusta National.
Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days.
A cold front is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms, especially on Friday and Saturday.
McIlroy's caddie J.P. Fitzgerald holds an umbrella over the player's head to let him take a putt.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.
Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1.
The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend.
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall.
The snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades.
Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
The herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet.
Dr Zhai says as a result of her natural remedies: 'I have brought more than one thousand babies into the world'
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself in action using a selfie stick.
The man, in a bright purple jacket, appears to make a success of the video.
But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift.
And the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and don't need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on teenager at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square.
He punched her so hard in face that she was knocked unconscious and threatened to kill her.
Two months later, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London.
Both rapes were reported to police at the time but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Khoorban was jailed at Snaresbrooke Crown Court for 16 years.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed the couple marrying because of their age differences.
Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg.
Bruce Jenner's second wife Linda Thompson tweeted a message of support ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard.
She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete.
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance.
O'Brien's fiancé, Alton Hines, recently spoke out about the night he found out she had been killed.
Hines said that while he is 'deeply saddened' for Pedemonte's situation, the teen took from him someone that he 'truly loved and cared for'
Pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a June 2014 charge of of possession with intent
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
Louis van Gaal and United are about to sign off a visit to America.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer.
Van Gaal and his United players will operate out of one base in America.
England captain Alastair Cook is on a sabbatical at home on the farm.
Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer.
He has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand.
England lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14.
Prime Minister will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part.
Labour leader accuses PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government.
Mr Cameron has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners.
Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Mr Miliband, Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett of the Greens, Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
He posted photos of himself in wig and glasses under profile name Michelle Dirt.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he went on run again in December last year and was jailed again.
Easy is now facing four months in jail for breaching restraining order and assaulting prison guards.
Holly Barber, 25, from Manchester, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
She chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before.
But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms.
They were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue.
A year later she was dealt another blow when medics found another melon-sized blockage.
Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night.
Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Sellers quickly fired back: 'She did'
It's unclear who Judge Lynn believed, but she did say Palmquist engaged in 'bust-down behavior'
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW.
She lost control of her Mitsubishi Lancer on Thursday night.
A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace.
Jessica Ennis-Hill beat Tatyana Chernova in the heptathlon in 2011.
Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011.
Dame Barbara Hakin was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
However, it is now reviewing part of this decision and appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough'
The GMC is concerned that there'may have been a material flaw' in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were told their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne.
The message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre's supervisors told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank.
DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he is lucky to be alive.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at whoever he comes across.
The Filipino is the underdog going into the richest fight of his career.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina.
Michael Oliver was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
The fall was exaggerated and theatrical and might have influenced Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, one.
Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
Cockayne Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder, characterised by a failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head.
Mrs Barden shaved her head in 2013 to raise money for a charity.
She has already made arrangements for both daughters' funerals with her husband.
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening.
People sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23.
She was led from the cinema in handcuffs after drunkenly assaulting Ms Deadman.
Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
They admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable.
Mr Light's company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
Train failed to stop at a signal after 100mph collision on March 7.
It is the first since privatisation, indicating gravity of the incident.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water.
Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler.
But before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
The clawed creature can be seen aggressively biting through the cage.
Video has sparked heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast.
Some claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
A team of scientists and engineers from the Georgia Institute of Technology assembled the unmanned, underwater vehicle on Antarctica.
Icefin is planned to make its Arctic debut in summer 2016, with a return to Antarctica that fall, the team hopes.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
The two sides have not met since last season's final in Lisbon.
Real have lost four of their last seven games against their city rivals.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have not beaten Atletico since that night.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
A plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for drink driving.
The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he drove two passengers home from a music festival in Byron Bay.
He was involved in a high speed police chase across state borders.
Tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered.
Judge dismissed his appeal for early release and he will be eligible for parole on August 1.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.
Gloucester moved 18-11 clear through a Charlie Sharples try with half an hour remaining to suggest their eighth win of the season was imminent.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, lungs and bones.
His Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.
Hospital staff were amazed when he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment.
After Harley's story made headlines around the world, staff at children's TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas.
He will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie.
The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
Dolphins were found on beach in Hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo.
Coastguards and officials called off rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.
The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said.
Leicester were bottom of the Premier League with 19 points at the end of March.
Nigel Pearson's side face fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday.
Only Arsenal (8) and Chelsea (4) can better that as a winning streak.
Barbie's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers.
The account's director of design Robert Best creates almost every one-of-a-kind piece Barbie wears and uses a professional camera, not a smartphone, to take the shots.
Ms. Culmone also has a PR firm, KCD, to organize event invitations and requests to dress Barbie.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes the Gunners have become a stronger unit.
The German believes the squad have it within themselves to sustain a challenge for honours in the coming seasons.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Diego Costa, Harry Kane, Alexis Sanchez and David de Gea also on shortlist.
NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.
Flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports of a kangaroo.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl.
It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Portrait allegedly hangs in home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
It depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress, black suspenders on display.
But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by image.
Image is said to grace wall of her suburban Glasgow home.
She was given it as birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell.
Mark Steven West, 32, pleaded guilty to having sex with an 18-year-old student at Spring High School in Texas in 2012.
He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'
The girl admitted as such to police, telling them she encouraged West to have sex.
Despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated.
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps.
She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
Uriel Miranda, 38, died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Six Leeds United players withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani were all injured.
Head coach Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
Researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach.
When threatened, the bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona.
The research, including video footage, not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their rapid-fire capabilities.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion.
He led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy.
George died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take any'responsibility'
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United.
The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust'
Michael Duff will be tasked with stopping Tottenham's Harry Kane.
The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions.
Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
Burnley face Tottenham and Arsenal in the next two games.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.
The girl was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their unborn baby.
Bako, from Oldham, was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
The contest traditionally hosts the contest the day before the major.
No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same week.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
Louis van Gaal gave the Spain international his first team debut.
Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough.
London-based Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.
There are also pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for the club.
The defender is out of contract at the end of the season.
Celtic are battling to keep hold of current pairing Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie at Kingsholm.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks.
Men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market.
They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea.
The traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea Ministry of Environment and Gendarmerie.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar.
Arsenal have won 15 of 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger's side are 13 points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
The Gunners lost 2-0 to Southampton on January 1.
But with the pressure off, Arsenal turned it on.
Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round on Wednesday.
The Rovers boss Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Rovers rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for Rhodes at the start of the season.
Bowyer believes Rhodes can become an Ewood Park hero.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday.
Unai Emery has guided the club to fifth in the table.
Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' according to Vicente Iborra.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
But he was not involved in the 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Manager Steve Evans added to the confusion by suggesting his player had been recalled by the Rams.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 in New York.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis.
A win over Jennings will take Klitschk to within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 25.
The Ukrainian believes boxing is enjoying a revival.
Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her Hyundai Getz on Wednesday night.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with her murder after fleeing from police.
The couple had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' for about four months.
She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle.
All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen during open training at White Hart Lane.
The adage 'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, analysis found.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items were being handed out.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks.
She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
But she is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers.
Three similar British cases have been revealed; a London-based journalist found hers in Birmingham, two male university students, also in London, and two retired men in Essex.
Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree to be confronted with his doppleganger, former head teacher John Jemison, 74.
'John' turned out to be Mr Richardson, who was well-known to the town, and just so happened to look exactly
German detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m London case.
They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid.
In a similar fashion to the German heist, the burglars timed their raid over the Easter bank holiday, entering after the premises emptied on Thursday night and leaving on Easter Sunday.
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
Daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through gap in cot at home.
But 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck.
Her mother Louise Conant was watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor.
Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000.
A woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Mr Gilbert said while they release venom on its prey, the snakes are not regarded as dangerous to humans.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs)
When the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified, producing mega storms that are even more dangerous to Earth than others.
PM said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich.
But he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner.
He was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made gaffe.
Mr Cameron said he had gone 'off script' with the remark adding: 'I suppose it's just the campaign'
Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'
The instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest.
It could mean that arachnophobia, one of the most crippling of phobias, represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
And it could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms on East Sahara Avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
Gregory van der Wiel has denied he is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain.
The full back has reiterated his 'love' for the club.
He has been linked with a move to Barcelona.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot sparked outrage after it was shared on Twitter by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
The distasteful choice of words on the concert goer's shirt are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday.
Portugal beat Serbia 2-1 to go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I.
Ronaldo was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Real host La Liga's 19th-placed Granada in an 11am kick-off on Sunday.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla tweeted his support for the defender.
Musacchio has been limited to just 12 La Liga starts this season.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
The property includes an award-winning swimming pool, complete with fountains, a waterfall and slide.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
City have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford.
A victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation, and reignite ambitions to finish second.
Louis van Gaal has had his critics this season but Manchester United's performances are proving them wrong.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder.
Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life.
Mrs Else, 52, said she is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property.
Investigators searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
Officials said Cullum admitted she had been stealing from American Airline planes for the last three years.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue.
The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for awkward pauses.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
The blog has now been turned into a book by Chronicle Books.
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending.
Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old jockey was ridden by AP McCoy.
Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket.
The role was abolished with Paul Downton's sacking on Wednesday.
Former England captain Alex Stewart has also put his hat into the ring.
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section.
She woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant.
It was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children's hand-me-downs that she realised he was her son.
The mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
Pakistan appear set to host Test-playing opposition in their home country.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
Mr Mull said he had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday.
City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
The 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar.
Harley Hicks broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept.
The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks.
Hicks bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.
'It tortures because it's something that's always like – why me? Why our house?' a heartbroken Ms V
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2.
The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses.
Jose Mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the Chelsea board.
Chelsea are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was shot dead during an undercover gun-sale operation on April 2.
Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond.
The reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory.
But it's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor.
The only definitive way to know is from performing keyhole surgery, where a doctor will put someone under general and cuts into their abdomen and look what's inside.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
The bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York.
Bath beat London Irish 26-13 at the Rec on Saturday.
Sam Burgess scored five tries in his second game at blindside flanker.
Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni also scored tries.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 featherweight ranking in the UFC.
The featherweight came into the fight on the back of a decision loss.
Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon.
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series on Sky Atlantic.
It has seen many of the female characters take leading roles.
Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes it has great female characters.
She said: 'As women, we accept our femininity and take strength from it'
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday.
Inter confirmed on their website that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton.
Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
The early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
The girl was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror.
Footage shows her terrified face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Seconds later, she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here', only for friends on a nearby boat to reply: 'It's behind you'
Aueel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday.
She greeted her distraught mother, Akon Goode, with a 'big hug'
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
Aluel Manyang believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water.
Harry Davies-Carr and his brother Charlie starred in the viral video.
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
It quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on YouTube.
Harry said he finds watching the video funny, saying: 'It makes me laugh'
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer.
She said she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes.
Four days later, she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant.
There, he revealed there had been a mix-up with her notes and those of two other patients.
Ms Dawes was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
She is now taking legal action
Paul Casey is desperate to play in the Ryder Cup again.
Only Tour members can play on the team and only Casey can.
Casey gave up his membership in January to concentrate on his game.
The former world No 3 finished joint third in the Honda Classic.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters.
He landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Sterling is expected to start for Liverpool against Arsenal on Saturday.
The former QPR youngster has only scored six Premier League goals so far this season.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies.
So far, it's been translated into 22 different languages.
The arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity.
Alan Pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul.
The Crystal Palace manager says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer.
Pardew insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather.
Ronda Rousey visited the Filipino's Los Angeles training camp.
She said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
Pacquiao posted an image of the pair on his Twitter page.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the boy around the store beforehand.
In response to a supportive message from a relative
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them.
If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues.
Bath face Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night.
Sam Burgess has struggled to make an impact in the midfield.
Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
Tony McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country.
The 20-times champion jockey has also travelled over to Ireland.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader.
The images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
Released as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country - the Sambisa forest - in an effort to finally defeat the six-year-old insurgency.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she only found out a decade later that police had removed vital organs.
Little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years for throwing her.
Andrea's liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without Ms French's consent.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a collection of royal memorabilia.
She was at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince George.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm)
Chris Smalling back in contention after illness.
Luke Shaw will not feature after hamstring injury.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany doubtful for derby.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber.
Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
The department store giant has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights.
Andy Murray and his team will take on France in the Davis Cup quarter final.
Queen's Club will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades.
Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their debts.
Kevin Franklin, 58, jailed for four-and-a-half years for fraud and deception.
Victim, 80, was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford milk.
Franklin siphoned off £400,001 fortune over eight-year period.
When finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
Judge ignored plea for leniency because he was 'terrified' of going to prison.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer.
Mr Hatch's wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return.
She discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband.
Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in Raqqa.
Begum forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade, an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
The trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS.
Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
The quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter.
Jonathan Trott has been England's rock at No 3 for four years.
He returned from the 2013-14 Ashes series in Australia with a stress-related condition.
England have barely been in St Kitts a day but early indications are they are ready to give Trott the chance to reinvent himself as an international opener.
Alastair Cook knows the value an in-form Trott would bring to his side’s chances of recording a series win in the Caribbean.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years.
She received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
The goal gave Sunderland the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher has lambasted Krul for his actions.
Bruce Jenner, 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976.
Since then, he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple.
The former Playgirl cover hunk has become a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation.
He confirmed this is the last time he will appear as Bruce before becoming 'her'
In 2009, Bruce went under the knife again, ostensibly to 'correct' his previous procedures.
The licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Already established licensed agents were exempt.
Mel Stein thinks the new regulations will 'create anarchy'
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.
She was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments.
In an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers 'without their knowledge'
The executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping troubled batsman focused.
Peters worked with the England football team during the 2014 World Cup.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27.
The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches.
Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded.
It was the third time that the Wales and Lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two months.
The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow.
The 28-year-old says she feels 'at home' in London and has no plans to return to the States just yet.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy.
Police have found no evidence of the attack during their investigation.
New ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34 per cent – down five points from a week ago.
Labour were down one point on 32 per cent, according to a new Populus poll.
Pollster Nate Silver predicted a hung parliament after May 7 with the Tories winning 283 seats and Labour 274.
Jacob Fairbank is set for a spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle.
The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Giants managing director Richard Thewlis said it is 'another bad blow'
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10.
In an interview with Woman, Kelly gushed about her instructor.
Zumba combines Latin and international music and aerobic activity.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian.
His outrageous posts, which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months, are threatening to steal him the crown.
The billionaire, who goes by the name @lunatic-living on the site, said: 'It's a lifestyle that every man wants to live and I enjoy living it'
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate.
Viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood went head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season.
The 19-year-old is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches.
Manchester City are interested in signing Gaya as a replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov.
CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Portuguese side had a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage.
Bayern won the second leg 7-4 on aggregate.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui was hugged by Porto fans.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The centre-back was moved into midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric.
Ramos is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song about Jamie Carragher ‘We all dream of a team of Carraghers’ would be appropriate.
Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal for £15m.
The Catalans were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season.
John Stones moved up the list of possible targets with performances for Everton.
Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)
The map above shows the countries in Europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases.
Chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the UK in the past year, while in the US internet users seemed to be most concerned about herpes followed by chlamydia.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at Boca.
The 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home'
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight.
Fighting between Russian-backed rebels and Kiev government forces has claimed more than 6,000 lives.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May.
He is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family.
It is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The images were posted on social media, including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum, under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday.
The 25-year-old is the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992.
England Women beat China 2-1 at Manchester City Academy Stadium.
Fran Kirby scored the first goal of her short international career.
Jodie Taylor and Fran Kirby also scored for England Women.
Kirby was player of the match when England played the United States in February.
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners.
It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
Dermatillomania - or compulsive skin picking - is an impulse control disorder characterized by the uncontrollable desire to pick at one's skin.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line.
The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material.
It is inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored for Liverpool.
The Reds moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
Manchester City are now looking vulnerable in fourth.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance.
Mr Stevenson said she had to wait to exit up a private road while he repaired it.
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7.
The five girls are still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
They are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.
For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes.
The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables.
It allows people to create low-calorie, low-carb ‘pasta’, ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ from everyday fruit and vegetables, in less time than it takes to peel a potato.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket.
They found the body of Robert Petitclerc, 97, wrapped in a plastic bag.
Mr Moon had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington.
The 72-year-old railroad conductor was chronically ill in his final years.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China.
It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
The event was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember.
Among the guests were Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
She was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning.
Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
June Whitfield, 89, is set to make a guest appearance in EastEnders.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon.
The veteran actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Timothy West, 80, criticised soaps for not valuing older characters.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
The Villa boss is a passionate man but he can't afford to let things get personal.
Sherwood was in charge of the youth set-up for years and the club are now reaping the rewards with a team full of academy players.
When he was finally given a shot at the top job his personality came flooding through.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show.
The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots.
He said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back'
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham in the Championship.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at Rochdale.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol.
His desperate friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him.
The group had been on a night out in Marbella after jetting to Spain.
Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
But they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan last month after his owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear.
But when Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns.
Ms Edwards, 64, said: 'I just don't understand how it could have been taken from the microwave
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Graeme Souness says Toure has become a liability for City.
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
The newlyweds were brought closer together by process.
And the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together.
Fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under their breasts.
The ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted.
Inspired by anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon.
She is depicted with a cartoonish face and outsized eyes, her hair in long bunches.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
Some of the posters are hand-drawn, and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator to finish them off.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project.
Bettman would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
Although it looks like a dining room, the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where the couple had their first date.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today.
The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Cornwall, with its 300 mile coastline, is the nation's holiday home hotspot, with more than 10,000 holiday properties located there.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
Many viewers have deemed the video 'adorable' and 'cute'
To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Peru.
They were wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig.
It is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as Chan Chan.
Police are investigating how it ended up in a box outside of the main archaeological site.
Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed 20th successive victory.
The 37-year-old Rhinos prop went over twice in the first half.
Salford's last home win against the Rhinos was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust.
It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
The 30-year-old took the money for herself at the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
Goodall admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014.
She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights.
The Dublin-based airline has made the decision out of safety concerns.
Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight.
Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision.
Deputy Prime Minister was campaigning in Surbiton, south-west London.
He was met by protesters who chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free'
Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by Tories.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.
Buchanon said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house, as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment.
But he soon realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved.
The former football star said his mother never offered him the money she made from her sister's rent, and later blamed him for'messing up
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union.
He had a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago.
The reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
Mr Ritchie felt that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability.
Reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in Europe and the US.
The fee to find a bride this way, according to this user, costs up to $15,000 (£9,800)
Several men, who had presumably since split with their mail-order brides, noted that the sexual chemistry was lacking.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain.
21-year-old law student fell while talking to her mother on phone on April 3.
She was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and told of injuries a week ago.
Authorities initially said fall was suicide bid, but it wasn't.
GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 for her home.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama.
The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year.
It will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Immigration Department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama.
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision.
She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.
In her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Victims and politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence'
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed.
Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison.
Heart-warming video was created to celebrate Mother's Day.
Six real-life women and their children are gathered to find out the answer.
Children move tentatively along the row, taking hands and touching hair.
Each child eventually locates their own, throwing their arms around them in recognition.
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has amassed a huge teen following.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that influential vloggers should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts.
It comes after an investigation found that video blogs popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Wicked Pickets protest group spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of van hire company Wicked Camper vans.
The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once'
The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'Random Breast Testing', and sexualised images of men and women.
Wicked Camper's CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
'We just want to make the point that sexist slogans like the ones on Wicked Camp
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, died in explosion last week.
In August utility workers discovered gas line to restaurant had been illegally tapped.
Investigation now underway into possible gas tapping, sources say.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He captioned it: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan.
Dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing Liverpool fan.
Amir Khan is currently training for his fight against Chris Algieri.
Khan will take on the American in New York on May 29.
The 28-year-old is currently preparing for the fight in Dubai.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford.
Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions.
The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday.
She was due to marry fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday.
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around.
City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks.
Pearce blames City's poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award.
Fans vote for the league's most outstanding players each month.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet.
The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team.
Mayweather is putting his two belts on the line when he takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Doctor John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus.
The humanitarian doctor was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday after falling ill.
He had been working at an Australian-run Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California.
In April, the department fined subsidiary Heald College, alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data.
It said Sunday it had been in 'advanced negotiations' with several parties to sell the 150-year-
Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected.
But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend.
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
High There! is the first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts.
It lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships.
Users share interests and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile.
When High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis.
But a global version was rolled out yesterday.
The app quickly became popular in New York, California and Colorado, with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions, which doubles up as a consent form, they are presented with health surveys they can complete each day.
Sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions,
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Their federal trial has been reset for July 6 on charges they coerced
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife Amanda, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife.
He became suspicious of his wife's movements and hired a private investigator to follow her.
She was found lying on a blood-soaked bed in their home in Polegate, East Sussex.
The former nightclub owner denied attempted murder but a jury took two hours to find him guilty yesterday and he was handed a 20-year prison sentence.
Harry Kane scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
The 21-year-old also scored on his senior England debut.
Kane was named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year on Sunday.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City.
United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals.
Last November's 1-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium was the fourth successive derby win for City.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to gross more than $300million.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off.
Redknapp attempts to goad Henry into a reaction in the early stages.
But both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them.
McDonald's says it's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize.
The biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch.
New recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday.
Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Olynyk was charged with a non-shooting foul.
'I thought it was a bush-league play,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after failing to find love online several times.
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled.
They mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine, study found.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations.
Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, but asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
The defender was cleared by a judicial panel tribunal on Thursday.
Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart warned before the verdict that the SFA was veering into dangerous territory.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs.
Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been 'outrageous'
Nawaz is a rising star of the Liberal Democrats and head of anti-extremism charity the Quilliam Foundation.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
Now, the 17 year-old student could face a battle with Instagram over hackings its API.
According to CNNMoney, the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
The email asked Benn to 'fix' the app
Alex Salmond caught boasting in secret footage at fundraising event.
Former first minister mocked Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader.
He boasted that he would write Labour's budget because SNP would hold balance of power.
It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to warn of 'constitutional crisis'
They questioned legitimacy of SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street.
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time.
Cleveland Cavaliers secured Central Division title and No 2 seed in Eastern Conference by defeating Milwaukee Bucks 104-99 on Wednesday night.
All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films.
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
Comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
The action-packed clip showcases aerial dogfights featuring X-Wings of the Rebel Alliance and Tie Fighters of the Galactic Empire.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
OAS spent 591 million reais (around £126 million) on rebuilding the old arena.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
The Clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Dyche was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and that his team was too naive.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.
Evans has also been slammed for endorsing the Paleo diet.
The My Kitchen Rules judge says his role as a father is to strive for optimum health for his children.
Big Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
He dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season.
His arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the UK weighed in at a massive 24lbs in north Wales.
Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury.
Arsenal forward picked up a knee injury while on international duty with England.
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around.
He first electrocuted a Coke can, then sent volts through a can.
But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet.
Proving that the weapon lives up to its reputation, he is instantly laid out on the floor.
Video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
The Knightsbridge flat is based in the same building where Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
Gardner famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana.
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Discovery comes as scientists in the US made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End.
They steal their cash and belongings, according to plain-clothes officers.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas.
A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate.
Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York.
FBI agents confiscated his laptop and thumb drives, Fox News reported.
Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was questioned for the next four hours.
He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit.
Both the runner-up that day, Make Believe, and the fifth home, Sinfonietta, could reoppose in the race on Saturday, May 2.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county.
He is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Tom Denniss.
Hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday.
It is eight foot wide by two and a half foot long and was about 2.4 metres wide.
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the gaping chasm.
Police quickly closed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Diego Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings.
Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list.
Nigel Farage will today launch the party's manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the 2006 death of her 4-year-old foster son, Andrew Burd.
Her conviction was overturned last year because of ineffective counsel, but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka was set to try her again.
Skura said that he would not be trying the case again due to 'a myriad of factors which came about after a careful review of the previous trial'
Andrew Burd died a day after Overton punished him by making him swallow spicy seasoning.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
The only food it imports is milk.
Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up are the stars of the summer.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala.
The basketballer, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old.
Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams.
Bishop will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne.
A neighbour's pitbull attacked the five-year-old girl earlier this year.
Alexis was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm on her face.
Her mother Monique has told of her heartache each time she looks at her daughter.
The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull.
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket company last year.
An investigation revealed it did not disclose a.
0.5% surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
She was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - as she relived her ordeal.
It was caught on CCTV cameras at The Mirage hotel casino on Las Vegas's strip.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede.
The creative head sent his models down the runway in Milan in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua's iconic 90s hit, I'm A Barbie Girl.
Weighed down by eyelashes, Olivia Phillips, 30, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, has been named China's richest woman.
Her company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
She was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China.
Research on infants' brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that very young babies do not feel pain and do not need painkillers, even for invasive procedures.
But the new findings suggest that their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Andres Iniesta started on the bench for Vicente del Bosque's side.
But Holland boss Guus Hiddink was unimpressed with the way Iniesta was treated.
Hiddink branded the home fans a 'disgrace' for booing Iniesta.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley has admitted to breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Police have not ruled out foul play and they have no suspects.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for Meredith's murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
A third man Rudy Guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final.
Fiorentina face holders Sevilla over two legs in the final.
Serie A champions Sevilla will face holders Napoli in the other tie.
Ties will be played on May 7 and 14.
Another girl was pictured in Jordanian refugee camp weeping with fear.
Photographer did not realise how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs.
She was so scared of his camera that'she raised her hands to surrender'
Her emergence follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea.
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 for allegedly stealing her chicken.
Kunis has responded with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video.
Andy Murray's mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children.
The 55-year-old tennis coach said that she taught her son some basic dance moves.
Andy and Kim married this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral.
Judy attended the reception at Cromlix House, Murray's luxury hotel.
Noelle Reno broke her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell.
The reality TV star also labels his death a'suicide'
Inquest was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
Tim McNaughton's body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday.
Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police in February 2012.
He is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself.
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it's revealed a third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew
Two students were expelled from the University at Albany after Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
The university's investigation concluded Duffy's death was the result of hazing.
The video maker captured the birds in their front room in Texas.
He initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows.
Despite the infestation, the family remain very calm throughout the video.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout is being billed as The Fight of the Century.
Former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt.
Luxury accommodation costs from £395pp and includes a five-course dinner, three glasses of wine each and one night's B&B accommodation.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton after he was carried off on a stretcher.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose the Portuguese starlet for his side's final three games of the season.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed.
86 per cent go online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store.
The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products, medication... and action figures.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening.
Anika Stanford, the mother of Vincent Stanford, is assiting police with the murder case against her son.
The 24-year-old has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who was last seen at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott is survived by her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley and was killed just days before the pair were set to wed.
A memorial service for Ms Scott took place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday, at the venue she was supposed to marry.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
The alleged victim, who is a civilian, was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses.
Military police seized bedding, clothing and electronic devices such as mobile phones, laptops and iPads belonging to the men.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
Formula One world champion Hamilton remains on pole position.
But his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
Hamilton is set to sign a new contract with Mercedes worth £27million a year.
President Barack Obama will be sending an administration official to Armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But the White House still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Kim Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
She last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian.
Historians estimate
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?'
'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half.
The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital.
He was given oxygen and put in a neck brace before being taken off.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby.
First Minister reveals she will lead SNP negotiating team in event of hung Parliament.
Says she would regard 'out' vote in Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen question of breaking up UK.
Also reveals she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after general election - to personally lead SNP's negotiating team.
Insists she will take charge of any talks, even though she is not running for a Westminster seat and he is.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
She has not provided evidence of her childcare or floor plan claims at time of publication.
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals.
Chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009.
Six local policemen and two civilians were killed in the attack.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.
Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating the video.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Alex ended his story by saying that he finally started his life at 25-years-old.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club.
Pep Guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Burger King has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only at its branch on The Strand in London.
Diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
He punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain.
CCTV footage shows Hutchinson run into the betting shop and throw a punch at his former friend.
The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out'
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends.
The decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick Taylor told Love.
Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest.
He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie and 13 others were ordered to be executed.
The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in July 2013.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done 'irreparable damage' to his body including losing roughly 100 pounds.
His father Salah Soltan was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as mark of gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's.
Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10.
The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Cosmopolitan Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award.
'Obviously, if we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said.
Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival.
Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life'
But doubt was cast over story when media investigations in March revealed the wellness guru had failed
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions.
Little Elisa emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms while skiing in the mountains near Bergen.
There have been reports of worm rainfall in southern Norway.
The biology teacher said it has only been reported a'very few times'
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
He made it a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side.
Woods said: 'Have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.
The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes.
Couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear.
It is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years.
Her collection now fills four whole rooms, including one dedicated to Princess Diana alone.
The mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop and describes it as 'a labour of love'
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by Southwest staff.
But they allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off other passengers.
On landing, they let off all other passengers before calling paramedics.
His wife Kelly is now filing a wrongful death suit against the airline.
Southwest said staff are trained to treat such behavior as a security risk.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He was prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Mr Farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may quit smoking.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial.
The 52-year-old has been charged with ten counts of sex offences.
He was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
Education Queensland suspended him from his job after he advised the department he'd been charged.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control at the Volkswagen Arena.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
His new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved.
This is an important discovery because even physicists who believed information remains in black holes have struggled to show, mathematically, how this happens.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour.
Police claim Bolina was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell.
Pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across Brazil.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries'
The 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms.
The 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the dangerous practice lingers on.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time.
But a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on flight.
Passengers were shunted back and forth from airport to Tropicana Las Vegas.
They were eventually told there was a problem with the plane's rudder.
Now, some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin.
Five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time.
They include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat.
By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores.
It happens when the immune system mistakes these harmless airborne particles to be a danger and launches a defence against them.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback.
British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights.
Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
Van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened off the road Monday morning, killing three and injuring eight.
The van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side'
The occupants of the van, from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians' equipment.
They had been travelling to a show in Atlanta Monday night, which has been cancelled.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' plans.
He wants to almost double some fares on route between London and Cotswolds.
Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for whole of next parliament.
Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad this summer.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in rush, forgetting rucksack.
He had been carrying hefty sum of money after cashing cheque from inheritance.
On realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed' and 'physically sick'
Mr Quinn gave Mohammed a cash reward to thank him - in an envelope marked 'to my best friend in the world'
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick goal.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, was left with a deformed breast.
She had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage.
Surgeon Vik Vijh said he was shocked by the appalling damage.
Northampton beat Clermont 24-17 at Stade Marcel Michelin.
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time.
Nick Abendanon scored a break-away try from 90 metres out.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United's injury crisis does not weaken their team.
Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad.
Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
England face West Indies in the first Test in the Caribbean on Monday.
Alastair Cook and Peter Moores know they can't afford any slip-ups.
James Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance for England.
Jonathan Trott has returned to the Test side 18 months after leaving Ashes.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and four children reported missing.
They are believed to have boarded ferry from Dover to Calais on April 8.
Police say they left without mentioning holiday or travel plans to family.
But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of Al-Muhajiroun.
He said: 'He is a very studious man, a very good Muslim character'
Labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of Chancey Luna.
The 17-year-old faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without release.
Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Authorities allege Luna randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger.
Once the jury is selected, the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film.
It will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss it.
The film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, was arrested and charged on Thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with Islamic State militants fighting in Syria.
Saeed, who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements during interviews.
with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in Ankara, Turkey, in March.
He falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Gareth Barry has advised the 21-year-old not to leave Goodison too soon.
Barry has spent four seasons at City before joining Everton.
The veteran midfielder believes Barkley can achieve anything he wants.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
Johnson's victory caused consternation in America for one simple reason: Johnson was black — and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize.
It would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated, on April 5, 1915, 100 years ago on Sunday.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area.
The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene, police said in a news release.
Police have said that Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in Dorchester.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try.
Both sides ended the match with 12 men.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
Paco Alcacer, Lucas Orban and Sofiane Feghouli scored for the home side.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66.
Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have been key to Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title.
The Spanish full-back scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock and launch his team towards a 4-1 win.
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
Wayne Rooney made his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as United manager in 2013.
The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure.
Moyes fought hard to retain the England striker's services at Old Trafford.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
But it says it will mount a legal challenge but has ruled out another conflict.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted to League One.
The Burton Albion manager wants to finish on top of the table.
They beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday to confirm promotion.
Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 and held for five days.
He was convinced by his captors that he had been taken by government forces.
But NBC has now changed its account of how he was taken and held.
It says it is likely that the men that took him were Sunni rebels.
They may have been trying to convince their victims they were Shi-ite rebels.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria.
While Damien was bullied in high school, he converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in school.
She says her son's interest in Islam took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and refusing to sit at the dinner table when they were drinking wine.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
Truong's sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power.
Claims he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP.
Comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Jerry Grayson has tracked down every helicopter he ever flew in the 1970s.
The 59-year-old was responsible for rescuing 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race.
He travelled 23,000 miles to find one of the choppers had been converted into a camping facility.
Mr Grayson found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany.
The world No 2 is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA team for the World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side sit fourth after the defeat, nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho ended Chelsea's 50-year wait to be champions by winning the Premier League in his first season 2004/05.
Carlo Ancelotti failed to win a trophy in his second season at Chelsea.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.
Louis van Gaal looks set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
She protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
The cream is packed with gemstones, peculiar sounding 'photonic spheres' and smart seaweeds.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson initially angered Townsend for writing that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before joining Wolfsburg.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo.
Benitez won the Europa League as Blues boss in 2013.
Napoli travel to Wolfsburg for the first leg of the quarter-final.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit U.S. television show Jackass.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from his grandfather, a Spitfire pilot in the Battle of Britain.
He was thrown out of the family home in late 2013 after he spiralled into an alcohol
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
She said: 'It happened right at the back of our caravan. We back onto the field and then there is the cliff edge'
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Celtic beat Inverness Caley Thistle 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final.
Sutton says Alan Muir should be kept away from high-profile games.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during break-in at Volksbank in Berlin.
Gang fled bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found.
It now appears Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of Easter weekend raid in London.
During London heist, 71 security boxes were raided before gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Both incidents enthralled the nation, capturing public's imagination with each new detail that emerged.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River on Tuesday.
He and a friend were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
The argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly.
After the stabbing, the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them.
Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut on Monday morning.
The former footballer joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander.
Dublin looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a semi-detached house in Dartford.
He received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media.
Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram snap.
The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event.
Broner called Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson out for a September fight.
50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She was expected to be 3'8 tall, but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10, enabling her to be more independent.
Jesse Willesee was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday.
His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images on social media.
Jesse lit up a joint as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20 at 4.20pm.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, on Friday when she was distracted and the stroller rolled away from her.
Police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away.
The boys were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Audrie Pott, 15, fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party.
She awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body.
Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages.
The number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise.
Fiona Steane, 50, wants to cut all her hair off when she was 15.
Her mother refused and she's had it long ever since then.
She gets it trimmed twice a year and has a conditioning treatment.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
The 38-year-old's most unhealthy food craving has got to be 'fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce'
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate's squad finished fourth in the tournament last May.
Aidy Boothroyd will lead the team this time and could include Jordon Ibe.
The tournament runs from May 27 until June 7.
The island of Saint Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year, an airport will open on the island and make this British Overseas Territory no longer quite so isolated.
Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said.
He accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' and said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
Frolander, who had been molesting boy for years, walked in on him performing sexual act on his son at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July.
He was seen sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.
The photo was quickly shared thousands of times online, with thousands sharing it.
Now, Frolander has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
City are also keen admirers of Wolfsburg's former Chelsea midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure for failing to reach the same heights this term.
Manny Pacquiao has appeared in a hilarious advert for Foot Locker.
The Filipino has tried his hand at acting, politics and coaching basketball.
Pacquiao joked about the possibility of facing Floyd Mayweather in November.
Foot Locker have released a follow-up where he acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges.
Hillary Clinton told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America.
That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants.
Ryan Giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair.
His apology came nearly four years after bedding his wife for the last time.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's.
The game puts an emphasis in being charming and friendly to almost everyone.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, were on their way home from lunch club.
An 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence.
He grabbed Mrs Mason by the arm and reached for her carrier bag.
Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
The would-be robber was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in Japan.
The whales were found on a 6-mile stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings.
But they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore said the level of damage to this area affects a persons ability to detect sarcasm.
The inherent humour in the comments also defused the tension that comes with anger.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job.
She also believed the short distance from her home would also be a deciding factor.
But the council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying.
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence.
Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under President Adly Mansour who ruled for a year after the army overthrew an elected but divisive Islamist president in 2013.
West Ham will have cheapest pricing strategy in the Premier League.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will pass on savings to fans.
New TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
West Ham's vice-chairman Karren Brady hit out at suggestions Jurgen Klopp is set to replace Sam Allardyce.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL.
He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs.
But even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - Hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be.
Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note reads, in part: 'I noticed you left your lights on. The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle'
Derek was able to get his car started, but when he rang the good Samaritan's doorbell, there was no answer.
So, Derek left his own note as a thank you for the kind gesture.
Manchester City fans sing a song with the line: 'We're not really here'
They haven't fully bought into the idea that City could be one of the giants of Europe.
Celebrity fan Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back'
Rock-God City lover Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the City fans.
Manuel Pellegrini's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
One of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
And the heartwarming moment was caught on camera.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season condemned the Magpies to a 10th loss in 14.
The official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47, 427 - making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26.
Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational'
Ibe could return to the starting line-up against Newcastle on Monday.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, Japan.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby.
Melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving a nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday.
Her handbag was later found at a park in Dawsholm Park, north-east of Glasgow.
Police moved search from park to a farm, graveyard and golf course.
They then cordoned off land to the north of Glasgow, near High Craigton farm and Windyhill Golf Club.
A spokesman for Police Scotland said last night that officers are now following 'a definite line of inquiry'
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave the club.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer for the forward.
Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was tackled to the floor and 'hog tied'
Video footage shows him being hit with a baton or stick as he lay on the ground.
Reardon claims he suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital.
He also suffered multiple broken bones, including ribs, nose and sternum.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw.
The Argentine striker headed home a cross from Rubens Sambueza.
Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires.
McCoy has 4,357 winning memories, including five Kentucky Derbys.
He will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
If he could ride in disguise for another three years he would do just that.
A member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone in Benington, Lincolnshire.
The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away.
Th Clements & Son, which owns the field, said he was sacked with immediate effect.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina.
As he ran away, Scott jumped out of the car and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager.
Scott, who is black, ran away and a video showed Sl
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final.
Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
The comments came after his team lost their Champions Cup last-16 clash.
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless.
Struggling to to escape the much smaller insect's grasp the hapless prey contorts itself into an array of shapes as it tries to escape.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title.
City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
Four-vehicle crash happened in Goodge Street this morning.
Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath on camera.
Ravi Beefnah parked his £35,000 Audi A5 outside dealership in Chelmsford.
The 34-year-old says it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up.
Mr Beefnah claims Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint.
He is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car, which can reach 150mph.
His claim follows a class action in the US, which saw Audi agree to fix 126,000 A4s, A5s and Q5 models with the oil problem.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time.
Quentin Letts says William is a 'new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood'
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
The researchers said that it might not only be causing warmer temperatures on the West coast, but also cooler temperatures in the East coast.
But it could also be playing a part in circulating cold and wet air to the central and eastern states of the US.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times.
As she lay dead on floor, he called two more vice girls over to his home.
Father-of-two then raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.
Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.
Lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother, Stacey Merk, just two and a half months before his murder.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal in the title race.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started.
Di Maria has scored just once since October – and that against League One Yeovil who have since been relegated.
Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona.
Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page has raised over $10,000 for their memorial and medical costs.
The two toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday.
They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night.
They found Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, offering oral sex in exchange for money.
She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
A study that found millions of health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years.
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe.
She was caught out by a strong current and swept out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha.
They pulled her on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
But despite the crew successfully rescuing Martha, they have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets.
QPR are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season.
Couple were fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
After the unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
The boy’s grandmother, from Benfleet, Essex, paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed.
Mohamed Diame is set to return from injury for Hull City.
The £3.5m midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury.
Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone with eight matches remaining.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012.
He broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility.
Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts texture.
Here, Tessa puts the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven to the test.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Aston Villa are currently three points above the relegation zone.
Villa face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford.
Michael Conlan was on verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Conlan and team-mate Paddy Barnes were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night.
Barnes extended his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Britt McHenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman, who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Screengrabs of the conversation on March 12 have been posted on Sparkman's blog.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant fired the Cherries into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish.
The Cherries set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
Apple polishes the aluminium used in its Sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
The prosecution claim Shanay was subject to repeated acts of cruelty.
They include having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on hands with hairbrush.
She had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
Morris told police Shanay had fallen down the stairs and hurt her neck.
But she later checked on the youngster and was unable to wake her, court told.
Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton.
The 19-month-old was removed from the plane and met by police.
She was accused of causing a security breach on the flight.
Transavia Airlines have said the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease.
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Sia's Chandelier.
Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle, was the inspiration for the Today hosts’ colorful performances.
Lewis Hamilton has told Nico Rosberg he will do his talking 'on the track'
The Mercedes pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.
Hamilton insists that he has not changed much since he was eight years old.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
She has not been allowed back into the classroom since Monday.
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January.
Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage.
Gadahn's father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California.
Venues in 15 cities in the US, UK, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Taiwan and the Philippines all participated.
John Frost is a Customs specialist at London airports.
He has had ‘to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you’
As they riffle through travellers’ bags, Frost and his team frequently detect drugs.
Drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window from this apartment complex earlier this month 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.
What's more, most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
CBS made $1.8 billion in U.S. profits last year and received a $235 million tax rebate.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
But according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
'Y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class. #hailstate [sic],' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday.
The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many commenting on how Roman is their hero.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored twice in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
It activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour.
They compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol.
Scientists at Rice University in Houston have developed a new device.
Comfortably Numb numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin.
The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
A commonly used medicated topical patch takes about an hour to work, whereas their new device 'works on the order of seconds and minutes'
It is intended for use during procedures 'where you have to get shots in more sensitive areas of the body, such as the face or the groin'
James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales.
The Gloucester fly-half has not given up on earning a Wales recall.
Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the season.
Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched Toner.
Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Aston Villa's young talent.
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to husband Kim Jong-un during football match.
Match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather.
The Kim dynasty has ruled the isolated state for nearly seven decades with an iron fist and pervasive personality cult.
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons' side which ties him to the Murrayfield outfit until May 2017.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16.
There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared.
The woman's uncle, Rosemberg Salgado said his niece is probably praying and asking God to help her be found.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election.
But he said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters.
Support for his party has dropped from 16.75% in November to 12.25% today.
Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield.
And may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
Four of the children are aged two and the youngest is 11.
Arrests come as police arrest 19-year-old at Luton Airport.
Yahya Rashid is suspected of acting as an Islamic State smuggler.
Lucy was the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia.
A new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday.
They trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names.
The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations.
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
The I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! franchise has taken a leap from the Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey, Surrey.
The new Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril'
There are gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face.
Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze's opening.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Paris Picnics delivers freshly-prepared lunch to wherever you are.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Angela Maxwell has returned to her shift at a local lunch club for pensioners.
The 67-year-old said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the club.
She was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos.
Claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has no success.
Says she wants a well-wisher to pay for laser removal - and will stay on benefits.
Has been unable to find a job and has spiralled into depression.
Iain Mackay, 40, believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death.
Also understood to have clashed with man who was seen talking to girlfriend.
Incidents happened in Hua Hin, a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibault Courtois was exceptional in Chelsea's win over QPR.
The Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in previous weeks.
Courtois has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
China's pollution hit cities are now having to cope with a fresh nuisance after the fourth massive sandstorm struck the north-west of the country this year.
Photos show the city of Golmud, in the country's north west Qinghai Province, as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm.
China's National Meteorological Centre has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday in San Diego.
Police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her 48-year-old husband's upper torso.
The victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home.
He was with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from school.
Moore then jumped out of his car and punched Mr Cegiielka through window.
Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased car.
Finally, he armed himself with hockey stick and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him'
Moore was given 16 weeks in prison, suspended for two years.
Also ordered to attend Resolve programme to address his violence and temper.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
It also lets you measure distances in Golden Gate Bridges, football fields and school buses.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey braved Taliban fire to rescue wounded comrade.
The 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the award.
It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient.
L/Cpl leakey said he was 'uncomfortable' about being singled out ahead of others.
In 2013, he braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in Helmand.
The self-styled Mirreyes post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
They are often the sons and daughters of members of Mexican high society.
Their displays of wealth can lead to political and legal advantages.
In Mexico, the images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged from their flats into the basement.
Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three people were injured and a main road in Sheffield was closed off.
Naveed and Rizwan Hussain were jailed for 12 months each today.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked briefly for Bates College president A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims that Spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past.
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.
Watson, who is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week, got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed.
Patrick Reed came second in the players' unpopularity poll.
Photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors.
It was supposed to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction.
But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation.
A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
Gigi Hadid says Kendall Jenner has a good sense of when to stand up.
The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
Kendall was allegedly bullied at New York Fashion Week.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
Studies vary on how long Asian elephants live in captivity.
A 2004 study indicated a 36-year median for Asian elephants in North America.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig.
The culprit Jordan Goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye.
At Preston Crown Court, Goode sob
Manchester City players trained on Wednesday ahead of West Ham clash.
Sergio Aguero was back to his best as he took part in shooting practice.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as X-ray-like vision.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as show speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
An ‘Augmented Parking’ feature projects images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror to the glasses to help drivers park close the curb.
Ed Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.
But he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
Move to clampdown on landbanking has proven unpopular.
Mr Miliband said he would introduce rent controls if it won the election.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Saturday.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
Jordan Rankin added the extras to make it 6-0.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory fans will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC on Friday night.
Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares.
A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10pm in the clash at nib Stadium in Perth.
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique.
But new images have emerged of him looking a little more hirsute.
The actor appears to have a much thicker chest of hair.
Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world.
McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming Masters on April 9.
The World No 1 has been hard at work in the gym ahead of the tournament.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
But she is not even standing for election to the Commons.
She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power.
The video was filmed in a front room and was uploaded to her YouTube channel.
Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos which her owner uploads.
In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard and look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire.
It effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month.
The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23.
But producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear for hitting producer Oisin Tymon.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Winterburn says Wenger should be given more two more years at Arsenal.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his wife Antika, 43, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning.
The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
The Colombian striker spoke highly of this weekend's Manchester derby.
Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested last month for allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance.
Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of the Longwood University freshman.
Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Doug Hughes, 61, flew his gyro-copter from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
The small, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone.
Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics.
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
The Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces.
Patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature.
But researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia.
While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University.
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her third grade class to pen letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
The 60-year-old is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot a Philadelphia police officer in 1981.
She has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online, but said they had wanted to write to him.
Both her pupils and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union wrote to the killer.
Karen Buckley, 24, vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found on a farm north of the city, sparking a four-day police search.
A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested.
He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
Tearful friends, family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will face each other in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
Mayweather will receive $180m (£117) and Pacqiao $120m (£79m)
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday.
Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?'
Shortly after praying, Clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt.
She named the teardrop-shaped diamond the Hallelujah Diamond, claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking DNP.
After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing and looking less than impressed.
But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she didn't think much about it.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did'
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' and 'disgusting'
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department.
In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He suggested Miliband had only rejected idea because he was 'under pressure'
Comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
She said: 'Don't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you'
Fans paid nearly £40 to see Tinie Tempah perform in Canterbury last night.
But he arrived late and only performed two songs before leaving.
Club Chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
Her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.
A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
Bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns.
The Germany captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury, only making his first start in December.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Jose Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
It was shelved after it proved ineffective in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
In theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements will work because the processing power comes entirely from the gadget.
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6 million in its opening weekend.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
It also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history.
Much as The Dark Knight turned into a memorial for Heath Ledger, audiences flocked to see star Paul Walker in one of his final roles.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The world No 3 posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers.
Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Hart won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement.
David Beckham posted a picture of his grey beard on Instagram.
Victoria Beckham captioned it'silver fox'
Celebrities such as George Clooney and George Lamb are responsible for change.
FEMAIL takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked £1,000-trip to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter.
But doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy.
Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights.
EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez scored two goals, the second via a howler.
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici left the field in tears at the final whistle.
Ramsey said: 'I've felt the experience of losing in a final and it's not a nice feeling'
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is hitting the big time in Hollywood.
The brand is adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL.
Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL, has joined with Kylie Gulliver as partner to Elliott Label.
Gulliver admits that since Antin has come on board the brand has sky rocketed from being a'small solely-owned start up' to a complete lifestyle brand.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But fell and hit his head and fractured his skull and suffered bleed on brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible.
Aljaz Bedene will become a British citizen on January 1.
Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
Bedene's ineligibility for the Davis Cup team has made it less of an issue.
Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.
The father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium in Serie A.
Joe Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game'
Manchester City goalkeeper Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon.
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones and a ruptured liver.
She was in hospital fighting for her life nine months ago.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, will be tried this autumn.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
He said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K Run were left exhausted.
Bizarre blunder was believed to have been caused by race marshal taking a toilet break.
Instead they continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres.
Some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as'shambolic'
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit.
Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
Ward said: 'I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin'
Antarctica has experienced its highest temperature on record, according to meteorologists.
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
The heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be officially certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
He asked his players to pledge to give their all when he took over.
Cheltenham are 23rd in League Two and trail Hartlepool United by a point.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock.
Experts, including Columbia University professor Tim Wu, declared the Comcast-Time Warner Cable murder dead after the FCC expressed skepticism.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 league games since taking over.
Pardew has no plans to leave Selhurst Park in the near future.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old joined in a pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor.
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.
Individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 Martian orbits were combined to create the map.
Warning signs have been erected in the municipality of Lastres.
They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in November.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day.
Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
The plans were leaked to Apple fansite 9to5Mac in which Tim Cook wrote: 'I know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an Apple Watch for yourselves'
Prices for the Sport model start at $349 in the US
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, is honorary president of the far-right party.
He said Nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history'
But he has refused to step down, saying it is a 'crazy idea'
He is known for his anti-semitic views and was found guilty of Holocaust denial.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored.
Arsene Wenger says his team must be perfect until the end of the season.
The Gunners are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the title.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in Islamic State.
She was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men', aid workers say.
Nine-year-old was taken to Germany by a Kurdish charity earlier this week.
This comes after release of 216 Yazidi prisoners who had been held captive since last summer.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The warden tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar but walked away.
Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea.
He was sensationally sacked from Top Gear last month after a 'fracas'
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in Darwin.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
Medals include an Airforce Cross, War Medal 39-45 Star, a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of Sunday's London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
The 41-year-old has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt.
Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
QPR boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former Tottenham colleague on Tuesday.
Sherwood and Ramsey were in the trenches together at Spurs and live within 10 minutes of each other.
Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
The three got the lion's share of Mrs. Clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable'
Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events.
He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential
Teachers have warned that schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving unable to speak English.
They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
In a speech to delegates from the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, Oxfordshire teacher Joy Wilson said many staff had little or no training in how to deal with pupils with English as an additional language.
Stephen King's hit novel series The Dark Tower is on its way to big and small screens.
The revered writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series.
Three years later, things are back on track - this time with Sony.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was sent flying to the ground.
He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen.
Wiltshire Police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information.
But their failure to identify, charge or prosecute anyone involved has dismayed hunt supporters across the country.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
Patrick Vieira has learned from top managers including Jose Mourinho, Fabio Capello and Arsene Wenger.
Pep Guardiola stepped up from coaching Barcelona reserves to become the youngest manager to win the Champions League.
Charlton came from behind to earn a point at The Valley.
Ross McCormack gave Charlton the lead after eight minutes.
Morgan Fox’s cross bounced across the front of goal.
Johann Gudmundsson fired his 10th goal of the season into the top right corner.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
The probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby.
On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface.
During the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas.
It was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth.
‘Not the best month to choose to go dry…’ Ros
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
Lewis Ferguson survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square.
The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
Ferguson was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to runway in Red Sea city of Hurghada.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane.
Passengers were forced to return to stand, where man was removed.
Disruptive man boarded plane despite drama on bus, and left passengers nervous.
The Curious Canine Kitchen will open in Shoreditch, London, on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April.
Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with cinnamon quinoa.
All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell.
If Sterling leaves for one of the Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid.
Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer.
Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Police said they were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force'
But footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was shot.
His family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
In 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon,' says Skyscanner's CEO and Co-Founder Gareth Williams.
Bars are expected to become more prevalent on flights, as well as socialisation pop-up pods.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was left for dead in a gutter on September 7, 2014.
She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain.
One of her alleged attackers, 18-year-old Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation.
On his behalf, Hawchar's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges, including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm.
Scientists at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
Scientists hope distinction will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight.
Jared Henry of Arkansas was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
To date the winceworthy video of Henry in action in the Ozark Mountains has been watched more than 300,000 times.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen in Stratford, London, last night.
She was spotted with an unknown man on a city street at 10.30pm.
The Hungarian national, who came to the UK six months ago, was traced this morning.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
The egg measures 1.8cm and is smaller than a 5p coin.
It was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, by Muffin in 2014.
Shannon is storing the egg in the fridge for safe-keeping.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
The Puerto Rican-born fighter has revealed his secret weapon.
Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs.
John Suchet has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and toll it took.
Classic FM presenter, now 71, has written a book and become honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
In September he appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called Nula.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
His weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots.
Max Factor celebrates its 80th anniversary this year.
The brand is widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom.
The 90-second video has already attracted an impressive three million views on YouTube.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
The 37-year-old returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening.
Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday.
Police have released a photo of Jessica smiling as an investigation is launched into her disappearance.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter.
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
In the footage Virts and Wilmore can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system.
Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
She says that if he doesn't like himself it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues with a right-footed shot.
Dominic Solanke equalised for the west London side with just minutes to play.
Isaac Buckley-Ricketts restored Chelsea's lead with a superb effort.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez departed.
Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice.
The big problem here is not the tired old narrative of a young greedy footballer.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder.
Coleman ran down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango.
The unattended stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences' home and a neighbor's.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in the 19th minute.
Kris Commons equalised for the visitors eight minutes later.
The win lifts Celtic eight points clear at the top of the Premiership.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed.
He was carried off on a stretcher after receiving around eight minutes of treatment on the field.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years.
It also contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff.
Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of one of the group
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
They are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
The intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Mr Ryan was taken to Staten Island University before being transferred by air ambulance to the trauma unit at Belleview hospital.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining the Italian.
Belgium striker has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season compared with 15 last term.
Martinez believes Ross Barkley will benefit from the difficult season.
U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment.
Lerner has long been in the GOP's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status.
Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years.
The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoenaed Lerner after
The Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old wore a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket.
She spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25 in a new TV interview.
Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year.
Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists.
The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95.
Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs, which weigh in around the 2.2kg mark and cost $132.
There were 74 passengers and seven crew on board Asiana Airlines flight OZ162.
Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing wrong way on runway.
Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul.
Local television footage appeared to show evidence of hard landing.
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which occurred when the house was unoccupied.
Investigators' markings showed at least 12 bullets hit one window of the house.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left that has cost him his chance at reenlisting.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
Real Madrid face Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Benzema is confident his club success can force his way into contention for the Ballon d'Or award.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House.
The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen's horse made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes at Newbury on Friday.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22.
Burgess scored three of the Warriors' seven tries in the victory.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Despite his comments, Laing will walk free on May 15.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final.
Napoli coach Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A.
James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee.
Both Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour.
The NRL introduced new measures last season as to how and when captains could talk to referees.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee.
Research by travel website GoEuro found that the British passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, has revealed she was severely bullied as a teenager.
The supermodel was scouted at Primark sunglasses counter in Hammersmith.
She now walks for the likes of Balmain, Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique.
Dunn has openly criticised the fashion industry for its lack of black models.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season.
The 19-year-old has taken time out from national duty seven months ago.
Grealish has met Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain.
They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions.
To test the rodents’ response to rats’ pained expressions, they showed them the photos in a specially made cage, to test whether they responded to the face, rather than the smell of another animal.
The rats chosen are described as ‘naive’ in the study, published in the journal Royal Society Open
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties'
Hoey ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge.
They faced three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council.
Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case after being told to move out.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
It claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at the festival.
The festival took place in Sydney, Perth, Adelaide, Melbourne and Brisbane between February 28 and March 9.
It was explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs, the festival could not continue.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible.
Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible
Ron Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
The claims came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell.
Powell reportedly told police he was hired by the church through a Florida firm to follow his father on a full-time basis.
Comes just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.
A new video of Rihanna at the Coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her.
After the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding the nose for several seconds.
Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup on Saturday.
French League president Frederic Thiriez has been asked to resign.
Geronimi has called for PSG president to step down.
PSG won their fifth League Cup with doubles by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however,
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
The Crematory manager has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Mr McDonald said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
The Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g.
The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago.
Cadbury's parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre.
These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel.
But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery.
They are what are left when medium-mass stars - including our sun - shed their outer layers at the end of their life.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon.
Prime Minister urged audience to support West Ham during speech yesterday.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Cameron blamed his gaffe on a 'brain fade' like that suffered by Natalie Bennett.
Last week he tweeted his delight at Villa reaching FA Cup final by beating Liverpool.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview.
She said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting.
This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead.
Sharpe also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production.
Based on the novel by Walter Tevis, the 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet.
Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team.
The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos.
Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
The navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades in the sea outside Helsinki.
Finnistan shares an 833-mile border with Russia and has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries.
He remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Stover was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack at a manhattan bar.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died.
Some managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued.
Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit.
He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive'
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple.
She made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby.
The video was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield.
FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event.
Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format.
West Ham are closing in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford.
The 17-year-old was invited to train with West Ham's academy earlier this month.
Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
Knievel was booked into jail. On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court. He has been in the area, where he has family, for a couple of weeks.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape.
In the article, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist.
The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched investigation on Sunday night.
Scot's College has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students.
Students could skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university.
The university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, has run the program with Scot's College.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them.
This call option allowed the trader the right to purchase more shares in the company, in this case 315,000 shares, at the cost of $36.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
So instead of making a 28% profit,
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure admits Gerrard is'sad' but also feels sorry for the fans.
Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Massage your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration.
Massage reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer for optimum nutrient absorption.
Swapping cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids.
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account.
His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'
Mings has been linked with a move to Premier League side Arsenal.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country.
Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
The top five is completed by Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
People who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems.
The US researchers’ results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course.
A student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident.
Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £200 in compensation.
Leeds said Hardaker's punishment is far stronger 'given his previous misconduct'
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted.
Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco.
The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4 and above.
If a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder.
Hackers can't get access to this folder even with access to the kernel, but
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month.
The New Zealand international had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at West Ham.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday.
The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space.
It added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits.
The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
A subsequent poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.
Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
For his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries.
His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship.
She was released on bail, but has since been arrested again.
Another pupil, also 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him.
Granado was suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after washing machine broke.
The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in his polo shirt on Twitter.
She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy and tried it on for size.
Fans branded her 'creepy' and 'disrespectful' for trying on the star's clothes.
Bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid.
Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year.
The figure comes from a 2009 survey by Sports Illustrated.
Often, when athletes go broke, it's because of unimaginable extravagances, bad investments and massive child support payments.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***'
The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
Brendan Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
The Anfield boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates' court.
Rodgers had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish from the house's garden.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby.
Gary Neville described the City players as a 'weed' in his post-match analysis.
City lost for the fourth time in six Premier League matches.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
Szburg is the most hummable city ever.
The city is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn't rush about embracing change.
It's the perfect excuse to start the day with an apple strudel.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan.
The tooth fairy is a fictional character who leaves money for children in exchange for their lost teeth.
Mr Hall's post has attracted more than 100 comments in less than 24 hours after social media users weighed in on what the message should be.
It took five minutes to record and clean it up before uploading it onto SoundCloud.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life'
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
'I was a bona fide weirdo in high school,' she wrote.
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League.
The Blues lead the table by six points with a game in hand.
Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke City on Saturday.
Diego Costa is back in training but could not be fit enough to start.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job, while in Estonia, only around 40% did.
People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
The UK was average for the generosity of benefits and this was reflected in the percentage of people wanting to work - at 60%.
London Mayor launched Tory campaign with speech in Mill Hill, North London.
Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home.
Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Said polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls.
'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' Mccombs testified.
Day met up with Musick and Mccomb at a bar on December 18 to have drinks for his birthday and that's where the shocking confession allegedly took place.
Musick, 39, mouthed the words 'I want to kill him'
Day's hat and cell phone
The 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored.
Despite its appearance it remains an attractive prospect for many car enthusiasts by offering the rare chance to restore a virtually-untouched DB4.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time in the 90-minute session.
The circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, created a photo series called SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
In the images Nathalie has recreated the adverts completely, from the clothes the model wears, to the poses, make-up, hair colour and surroundings.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda.
Report warned if IS was defeated in war-torn region then barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
Number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
The couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder is delighted with the'special' season for the Hoops.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season.
The Stoke striker is recovering from a serious knee injury.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull.
She had surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn.
It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital on Wednesday.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
Felipe Massa is preparing for the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys.
It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke.
Girls' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes, while boys are encouraged to make burgers.
Many parents responded to the images by posting pictures of their children playing with 'the other gender's toys'
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
The defeat was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go.
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders.
Daley Blind, Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship.
Stuart McCall's side face Hearts in the play-offs on Saturday.
Rangers have a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own.
The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight.
Barnes appeared in a black hoodie and jeans accompanied with a black hat, a gold chain and sunglasses.
Redknapp and Barnes played together at Liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day.
But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated.
Her initial story was that she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on.
She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby.
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since Snowden stole files.
Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications.
Henry Jackson Society has found at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications.
Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry, when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete.
So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
Sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing' and said she knows that Smith will always be watching over her and their son.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
The three MPs agreed to take part in the feature for the magazine, better known for its front covers of rippling muscles and toned six packs.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police.
The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy.
Her partner Tallon Pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through.
'This was a risky and tough decision, but Jess bravely embraced this last chance option,' he said.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in International Champions Cup.
Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will be taking part.
The pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and August 5.
United’s match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch them play Real Madrid.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique.
The over the counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous.
It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine.
Despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's win against Aston Villa.
The Spaniard was barely sighted and started just three of 21 games.
Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were in deep conversation during a Barcelona training session.
Pep Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.
The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 is breeding managers.
Luis Enrique faces Laurent Blanc at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
The attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area.
Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
Todd Larson, 55, said he had parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25.
Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am.
Mr Larson said the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and that the ice was the size of a cinder block.
He has already paid the $4,000  in repairs which included $400 for the windshield and additional costs for replacing his Bluetooth, emergency phone and electric power seat with a heater that were all damaged in the incident.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of himself'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower on 4chan.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo.
Since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the tower.
Van De Ven is shocked but highly entertained at the widespread response to his holiday pictures.
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in Game of Thrones.
Actor Kit Harington and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau have brought the medieval fantasy epic to a whole new audience with their wild man antics.
Game of Thrones has caused a similar loin-stirring frenzy among those watching.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011.
Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain.
They found the risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
A man whose car smashed into a Geelong house was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses said.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout.
A four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head, demanding money.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register.
Now Popeyes have offered to take Holcomb back and have offered her $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for almost one month.
Seven babies and three mothers died at Oldham Royal and North Manchester General.
Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth in April last year.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
North Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust, which controls the two hospitals, have asked investigators to look into it.
Amy Hughes, 26, started her first marathon in Chester on August 6.
She completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
The challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
Amy also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Sudan, 43, is the last surviving male northern white rhino in the world.
He was moved from a zoo in the Czech Republic in 2009 to Kenya.
Rangers risk their lives daily to keep him safe - but fear it won't be enough.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the discredited story Sunday night.
It detailed the alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia in November.
Author Sabrina Rubin Erdely wrote 405 pages of notes about the story.
She also spent four hours speaking to a Rolling Stone fact-checker.
Erdely issued an apology in the wake of the review, admitting 'I did not go far enough'
Minute-long clip shows S300 rocket barely managing to take off.
It is followed by a small plume of smoke before it drops out of the sky.
Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations in Landford, Essex.
It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre)
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
The find sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass towards Sergio Busquets during Barcelona's 1-0 La Liga win against Celta Vigo.
The incident was one of the most bizarre of the season so far.
Barcelona earned a crucial three points following Real Madrid's 9-1 victory against Granada earlier on Sunday.
Viktoria Charkley witnessed sad scene from The Lion King for the first time.
She is seated on sofa gazing at the screen, and her bottom lip trembles.
Tot then appears to brush away a tear as the emotional scene progresses.
The scene in question sees Mufasa murdered by his evil brother Scar.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
This roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone.
The 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week.
It was still on the beach on Wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before.
Before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale.
The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide.
Clarence David Moore, 66, was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10, 1972.
He has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive.
Moore, who suffers from several unspecified ailments and apparently cannot walk, was captured by the station WTVQ being wheeled out of his Frankfort home on a gurney.
Bruce Jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
On Friday night, he publicly addressed his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight with Diane Sawyer.
Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the Serie A champions.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services.
But a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor.
They say affluent parents are more likely to cheat system by going to church.
Church of England labelled their arguments 'doctrinaire'
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
Mr Farage thinks his party could still get more than ten MPs if he manages to cause a 'big shock' in the eight days before polling day.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar offences.
He began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
After getting her number from a cellmate, he asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
Then bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
The victim eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door.
Deputy Prime Minister said there is a'very real danger' that Ukip and DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament.
Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night.
He said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
The 56-year-old singer performed a stand-up routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
She described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine.
Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side have only briefly relinquished the title lead.
Cesar Azpilicueta believes Chelsea have shown their strength since 'day one'
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. between Boulder City and Searchlight in Nevada.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
A trooper saw Larry Reid's Lexus SUV in the dirt median with the engine still running.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself on Sunday.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday.
Brancht, 65, was known for working with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour.
He was reportedly 'devastated' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson.
The photography student says she now lives in terror of him discovering her new address.
Double Falsehood was presented by Lewis Theobald in the 18th century.
Theobald claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the playwright as the true author.
Sinbad the kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten.
He had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes and it was incredible he had survived the 17-day journey.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
His parents Ahavah and Jason Cook were all deaf, so they were worried he may be born deaf.
But last month, Elijah was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother for the first time.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition.
Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel.
Given has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide.
But tomorrow, planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres)
The new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours.
It comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of Christ on bun.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season.
Louis van Gaal is keen to make the winger one of his first signings.
Depay was named in Holland's 23-man World Cup squad last year.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Thursday night.
Stuart McCall's side face Livingston in the Championship on Wednesday.
McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against Livingston.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at London's Grosvenor Hotel.
The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in February.
Victory in their next two games would see Chelsea wrap up the championship.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas.
For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site.
But new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.
Last night, claims of a cover-up over Zane's death intensified when documents uncovered by the MoS also revealed no traces of carbon monoxide had been detected at the home in Cher
England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion.
Brown was knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy.
The 29-year-old has taken no part in training or team meetings.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says he does not blame Brown.
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.
He warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Jones is married to Australian-born Sonia Klein, a former model who runs a chain of yoga studios in New York.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Pietersen's impressive return to long-form cricket 14 months after his England sacking was timely, on the eve of the first Test against the West Indies.
Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South.
It was an especially flat display after the high of recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
The Light Blues remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby.
The Clarets are currently second from bottom in the Premier League.
Dyche insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's Champions League performance shows you don't need to buy big.
Monaco host Juventus in the quarter-finals of the competition on Wednesday.
Juventus are 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A standings.
The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that is about as loud as a school cafeteria.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body'
More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology.
A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
But that hasn't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals.
Bell has won five trophies with the club, including the County Championship in 2004 and 2012.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
Cisse is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
Not because she might cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity.
Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum.
He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading.
But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose, which is held on by magnets.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, the 71-year-old had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Ranette Afonso, 42, is set to marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
They met thanks to a car accident in August 2013 in north London.
The pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly.
On their third date, just two months after the smash, Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, it was claimed.
Stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
The 10-year-old underwent emergency surgery to save his life.
Jose Mourinho could be planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
The 23-year-old was at Atletico's 2-1 victory against Deportivo on Saturday.
Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times.
The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race.
She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
Alex Vella, 61, is the president of the Rebels bikie gang in Australia.
Vella was banned from returning to Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in Malta last year.
The Federal Court this week ordered Vella to pay all court costs.
He has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
Court documents obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveal the Abbott Government is not required to say why it opposed Vella's application for re-entry.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, stole £17,000 from City firm Insight Investments.
She used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon.
But she was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from honeymoon in Seychelles.
Court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence.
Saunders, also known as Gabriella Osborne since getting married, was spared jail.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
Cardiff Crown Court heard that the three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
Phillips, Evans and Stokes were released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay.
They were stranded for one to two hours before they were rescued.
William D. Kelley, 50, has improved from critical to serious condition.
His pastor, Bill Bowers, said Kelley is 'not able to speak at the moment'
Tim Bresnan last played in whites for England during the 2013/14 Ashes whitewash.
The right-arm quick took 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57.
Yorkshire beat Notts to win the LV County Championship.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders.
He had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or debit card.
Eventually, he was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie.
But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
A total of 23 people perished when a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.
Terry Martin shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the winnings.
But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment.
Whittington was caught on surveillance cameras allegedly hitting his three-year-old toddler in the face at a supermarket.
Video shows the injured boy crying on the floor, then the man who may his father, yanking him up off the ground by his shirt.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted.
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church.
He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him. 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air.
No one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.
The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the field and soon made his departure.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season.
The Welshman has scored 17 goals for the La Liga giants.
Bale is out of Real's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid.
Real Madrid have also privately declared their interest in signing David de Gea.
De Gea is expected to be in the Spain side at the start of the season.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
The club are pressing on with their task of expanding the main stand as pictures from Monday showed.
Work will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
The month-old cubs were unveiled to press and public at Leningrad Zoo.
They are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
The jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents.
Their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs.
Lord Janner sent a 'thank you' Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer’s note.
His superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner's alleged sex abuse.
Notes thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees.
Thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
CCTV footage shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal entrance.
Also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
Gang jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
They then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel.
The algorithm determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose.
And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted at 6pm local time on Wednesday.
It is one of Chile's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under observation.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada.
The volcano last erupted in 1972, and is believed to be among Chile's most dangerous.
Volcano is located near the tourist town of Puerto Varas and the city of Puerto Montt, 620 miles south of Santiago.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman has stabilised Forest since replacing Stuart Pearce.
The club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all main parties.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan.
Labour has left door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
IFS warned promise of tackling deficit is based on 'almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases'
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars.
The show celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Glenister and Anstead work on more than one vehicle per episode.
Finnish education only did so well before because of influence of teacher-led methods.
But it has slipped down international rankings tables as liberal techniques became widespread.
Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores'
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene.
Celtic want to keep Jason Denayer on loan for another season.
Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 European Championship qualifying victory in Israel on Tuesday night.
The 19-year-old also faces competition from Vincent Kompany at Manchester City.
But Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club in a bid to prove himself.
Diafra Sakho limps off after 58 minutes against Stoke.
The West Ham striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sakho has been a big success following his £3.5million summer move.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches.
Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form.
Southampton host Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula.
The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs.
Ms Fritz had a struggle sitting upright under the weight of the 200lbs pup.
Tori Hester, 25, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when school of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The 34-year-old boxer handed over his passport to authorities.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory.
The Northern Irishman believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead atop the Bundesliga.
Bayern are in the German Cup semi-final with Borussia Dortmund.
Guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern this season.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft.
Viseu had sold 118 items in the previous few months, including Ray-Ban sunglasses and expensive Skullcandy headphones.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight.
The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity.
Senior managers at 67 Clinical Commissioning Groups said they were planning to 'limit access' to routine treatment for financial reasons.
Sherrell Dillion has landed herself a place in Top Model of Colour UK.
The single mother-of-two says she is technically homeless.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert.
Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients.
Ingredients include full-fat cream cheese and apple cider vinegar.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
The duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
Lamb’s owner said: ‘What could be mistaken as pecking is actually a heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons’ private health centre.
Medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients.
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died.
Islanders claim the death from pneumonia of Karen, 52, in January prompted the investigation.
Then uncovered three more deaths of concern – including that of retired stonemason Colin, 63, who died of heart failure in May.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Pietersen has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Sam Reese, 22, recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates show.
He asked his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself.
The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I’m dead,' he said.
Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight.
Five customers reported having 'thermal incidents'
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015, with five recalls in only four months.
Foreign GPs now account for almost one family doctor in five.
But in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Others are moving overseas in search of better conditions.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side.
As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
 Thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air.
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
In 2007, 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa. The horns were removed and they were sold on the Asian medicine market.
Samantha Cameron visited Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent.
She met Kelly Tolhurst, who stood against Mark Reckless at by-election.
Mrs Cameron is expected to make a series of stridently political interventions.
Tory sources said it remains a 'key seat' and Mrs Cameron was keen to support.
Mr Reckless defected from the Tories to Ukip last summer.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'
Paul Gascoigne scored a free-kick against Arsenal in the 1991 FA Cup.
The Tottenham midfielder hit a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley.
It came five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
Spurs would go on to beat Nottingham Forest 3-1 in the final.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Acting CEO Maura Pally defended foundation's work and reaffirmed commitment to transparency.
Founded in 2001 by former President Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea.
Was facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor selling his uranium company to a Russian state agency.
At the same time the State Department had to approve the sale of his company to Russia.
Pally said the foundation expected to refile some of its tax forms, following a voluntary external review, because it had'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress this season.
The former QPR boss says Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids.
Redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash, became stuck in the wall.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
The occupants of the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
The decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Yale University researchers have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this'
The 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
External examinations suggest that he suffered a heart attack.
Kuta is known internationally for its long sandy beach and is very popular with Australian tourists.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there – in European football.
The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark.
The mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate.
But state Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock `n' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges as
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3.
Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney Bon.
But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30 year-old man, Edward Primo Bonilla.
Bonilla has been charged with obstructing justice and he was given a $400,000 surety bond during
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Frazier vs Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden, New York, on March 8, 1971, was the second 'Fight of the Century'
Ali was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the US military to fight in Vietnam.
Migrant boat capsized en route to Europe from Libya this weekend.
Hundreds of mourners lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta.
Another emotional memorial service was held in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery.
It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
UN said 23,500 migrants had sailed to Italy this year, in addition to 12,000 who sailed to Greece.
But emergency meeting of EU leaders will announce only 5,000 refugees will be granted safe haven in Europe.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
'Say that again. Give her the mic,' FLOTUS told the moderator. 'You're too young for a 51-year-old!' replied the little girl.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
The England bowler is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
Ben Stokes was England's first man to be dismissed when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
But Evans insists he does not know the strength of his club's defence.
The baby elephant was captured at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire.
It can be seen walking alongside its herd, which travel in a single file.
The young mammal stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor.
But its back gets in the way and causes the link to break.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper.
The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Distracted driving fines range from $50 for the first offense up to $250 and a six-month license suspension for subsequent offenses.
Kim Rose, 57, is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen.
He is being investigated by officers after handing out snacks at event.
Electoral Commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by candidates if provision is intended to influence votes.
Mr Rose branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Hundreds of squatters have made their home in a litter-strewn shanty town.
They are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London.
One anarchist openly smoked cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child.
The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary on June 15.
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned visitors from sleeping in beds and sofas.
Staff say the problem has become widespread across China.
Customers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks.
One woman said: 'Yes it may affect customers... but it shouldn't be too much of a problem'
NBC News anchor Brian Williams embellished at least 11 different reports, an internal investigation has reportedly found.
The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Further scrutiny of Williams's record turned up other questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New Orleans
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges.
Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag?
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
Tom Wood's side were knocked out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont and Exeter.
The Saints are desperate to regain their form following recent poor results.
England flanker Wood claims opponents have'smelt blood'
Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on board a Jet2 flight.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft.
All passengers on the flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway while officers dealt with the situation.
Some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk.
They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger.
Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
'Spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on the value of your house,' she said.
Changing the door handles is her first tip.
Getting rid of marks on doors and frames and even changing door-knobs are encouraged by real estate assessors.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22.
The cougar, the other name for the species, has made his home in the crawl space.
Workers discovered the big cat on Monday as they were trying to install a security system.
Ten hours later, he was still refusing to move - despite attempts to get him to move.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana.
It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The former Manchester United and England defender played for 19 years.
He made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship.
Tottenham will play a friendly in Malaysia next month.
The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27.
Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'a tragic accident'
Family described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
Research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds, who only drink eight a week.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia.
Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer is listing his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV.
Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’
But official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare bone cancer - in April 2009.
She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev.
Tim Howard insists Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season.
Aaron Lennon scored for Everton but the game ended in a 1-1 draw.
Kibulu the African lion cub met Donna Wilson at Zambi Wildlife Retreat in Western Sydney.
He was adopted as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the NSW Zoo where he was born.
Since he arrived at the retreat, Kibulu has slept most nights in director Donna's bed with 'Teddy'
Zambi is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals.
It is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
Bolton fighter has been linked with fights with Kell Brook and Adrien Broner.
Khan's last fight came against Devon Alexander in December.
Algieri lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
The Dardanelles Straits and the Sea of Marmara are a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train.
His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police.
Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her.
The middle school student also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
Hannah Campbell, 30, was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered after a mortar bomb hit the building in Basra in 2007.
Doctors told her she would never conceive again, but gave birth to Lexi-River on March 31 last year.
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
It's estimated that 3,299 tonnes of carbon dioxide are released every day from people drinking Coca Cola alone.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games.
The 45-year-old Bulgarian now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
He is unbeaten in 49 professional fights and is considered one of boxing's all-time greats.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons after the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996.
She reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
They found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another.
Mitchell-Clark also found out that she has three biological younger sisters she didn't know about.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion.
It was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties.
Judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off.
The new owners will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt.
Taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside Aleppo, photos show prisoner being forced to his knees before being shot.
ISIS released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under terror group's control as happy and carefree.
Images of the media activist's brutal execution were released by ISIS' Halab Media Centre, which operates in and around the city of Aleppo.
They have previously released sickening images and videos of the terror organisation murdering anybody who dares to oppose them.
Luke Shaw had kept Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain quiet in the FA Cup.
Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender at half time.
Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombian striker.
The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and PSG's Edinson Cavani.
Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 African migrants from Libya.
12 men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths, witnesses say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
They are from Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to apply the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Florent Malouda has picked his Fantasy Football XI for the first time.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Malouda included Chelsea defender John Terry for his leadership qualities.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent's Park at 8.30am yesterday.
Mrs Goldsmith took her chihuahua for a stroll in the Central London park.
A cyclist, listening to music on his headphones, ran straight over Cheech.
Mr Goldsmith released a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter.
His accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***… Coming to get ya'
Bath host Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Politicians call for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
Staff deliberately obstructed its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI.
Deal aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
He said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises'
David Cameron and Barack Obama insisted the deal was'strong'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes teenage defender Dayot Upamecano.
The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window only for him to opt to stay in France for a few more months.
Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford.
Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors.
Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania.
Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
Gary Cahill has won four cups with Chelsea since January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriage'sets up too many people for failure'
Couples in a Starter Marriage agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'
At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Australian parents spend an average of 140 hours per year getting children breakfast.
Sophie Falkiner, 41, says she has a'million and one' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested being fat - with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
Tiger Woods returns to competitive action for the first time since February.
The 79th Masters gets underway at Augusta National on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Dom Joly was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg of the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race.
As the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels.
Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain's Olympic medallist, Tom Daley, for TV show Splash!
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto.
Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
The young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.
MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster.
Guidance issued by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure.
Mary Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
The 120-pound mother-of-four broke the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour.
Schuyler also ate three baked potatoes, three shrimp cocktails, three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food.
Philadelphia-based artist Alison Nastasi has curated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Wales climb to world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rise to its highest-ever spot at No 3, followed by Argentina.
Costa Rica fall two spots to No 15 but still lead CONCACAF nations.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday.
Her burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW.
The 26-year-old was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her.
Ms Scott's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was a forlorn figure at the Mountford Park memorial last Saturday in Leeton.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday.
The pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other prisoners.
They were transferred from their home of almost ten years – Bali’s notorious Kerobokan prison – in a dramatic show of force, over a month ago.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea.
Hazard's low shot squirmed past De Gea as Manchester United defenders watched on helplessly.
Jose Mourinho's side now need eight points to win the title.
John Allan claimed David Cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested large firms like Tesco could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly'
The Tory election manifesto includes the promise of a referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership.
Mr Allan warns this approach risks backfiring because it commits to a referendum regardless of whether a better deal has been struck with Brussels.
Carla Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final.
The 12th seed beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on Thursday.
Suarez Navarro is looking for her second title at Key Biscayne.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Public and Commercial Services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free.
Now, staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action.
They have complained they have suffered ‘years of pay restraint’
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust.
It is 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.
Discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system.
Experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young Earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
She launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009.
Poll of more than 2,000 adults to mark Allergy Awareness Week.
Two-thirds don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save lives.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
The intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home.
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN.
It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed.
Last September, a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday.
The 21-year-old scored in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United.
Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
Research shows majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils.
The behaviour of some youngsters is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them.
Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused.
This is up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year.
The cross-dressing robber entered the service station in Watervale, Victoria.
He confronted a female staff member and demanded the money from the till.
The shop assistant handed over a quantity of cash which the robber placed in a bag, along with the fake firearm, and made his exit from the store.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
They found that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent.
Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered deadly toxin off 'dark web'
He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack.
The 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
Christopher Swain embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn.
The activist said the experience was like'swimming 'in a dirty diaper'
The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted that it must, by law, be cleaned up.
An estimated 377million gallons of sewage pour into the canal every year.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Kroeger appeared on SNL from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice.
His commentary rules should be required reading for anyone entering the commentary box today.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean.
Having the extendable pole most often allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles from his patch.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from care manager role with Newcastle City Council for gross misconduct.
Researchers at the University of North Carolina tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers.
They then recorded the results using EEG.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger, who invented EEG.
Amanda Holden, 44, is a judge of Britain's Got Talent.
The mother-of-two has two daughters, aged nine and three.
Holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
She has also admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her appearance.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour.
Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
Michelle Madden, 30, said that Ruben was so mature it was 'unbelievable'
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with hammer.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in if Farage quit.
Mr Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication.
He has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in Thanet South.
But she played down his medical problems, saying: 'His health is fine'
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope.
Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos.
The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Within two hours of the first tweet being sent the brand posted an apology and confirmed they would be withdrawing the book from shelves.
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says he met his wife after being brought together by a nine-tailed fox.
But tourists have kept rubbing the woman's exposed breast.
Officials in Wuhan, capital city of Hubei Province, have accused tourists of damaging the statue.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, and Henry Rogers, 22, both weighed 18st at their heaviest.
Henry, from Ealing, was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman.
Jamie, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday and was self-conscious.
After two years of intense and solid training, he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st.
The pair are using their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the'shame' around body image and insecurity amongst men.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick for Crystal Palace against Sunderland.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles at the Stadium of Light.
Alan Pardew's side now sit fifth in the Premier League table.
Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Real Madrid's win.
The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game.
But the Norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as Real beat Almeria 3-0.
Odegaard does not turn 17 until December and at 16 years and 133 days would have become the youngest player in the club's illustrious history.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
A 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors failed to administer a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding.
He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail.
She left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 nationals.
Former army chief is currently in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat.
The Union minister had tweeted “duty” and “disgust” soon after attending a reception hosted by Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit in New Delhi.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
The air temperature surrounding the volcano was around -25C while the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000C (1832F)
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way.
A picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.
Within a couple of days of the posting, Chester was adopted by a family with two sons from New York.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing after leaving Glasgow nightclub on Sunday.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club.
She then got into his car and travelled to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help with search.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
He also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
He credits his mother, a Nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in.
With no access to her contacts, photos and messages, Happy Cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year.
The policy bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance.
Culpepper and the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund sued the agency, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague.
Under the settlement, the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Daley Blind hailed Wayne Rooney's team talk after the game.
The Dutchman also warned that United need to focus on the end of the season.
United face Chelsea in the Champions League on Saturday.
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Turner's macho grunts tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action of scything.
He says in real life, Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry also set to take part alongside youngsters.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were staying at a hotel on Sunday.
They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
It came after more details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
Iona's husband George, co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond.
Some people have questioned the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time to give Philadelphia a 2-1 win over New York City FC.
David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City, tapping in the rebound after his team-mate's shot was saved.
San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in his team's win over Vancouver.
New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled lead over Labour.
52% now backing Nicola Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
Poll comes on day Miliband used Labour's manifesto launch to insist he is'ready' to be Prime Minister.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispin's Day speech from the film of Henry V.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the coverage at Wembley.
The BBC needs to fight hard to avoid Lineker falling into the hands of rivals.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible'
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before TV showdown.
Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top.
The two-hour live debate will take place in Salford's MediaCityUK.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the
Ronda Rousey appeared at the premiere of action film Fast & Furious 7.
The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event.
Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria posted an image saying: 'My little pumpkin grew up'
The premiere follows Rousey’s debut WWE appearance in WrestleMania 31.
Sgt. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home after fighting to adopt her for two years.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, has been married ten times.
Her first marriage took place in 1999, followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam.
She married six men in 2002 - namely Davit Koridze, Duran Goktepe, Aliaksandr Paharelau, Vakhtang Dzneladze, Rashid Rajput, and Kakhaber Khorbaladze.
Barrientos has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year.
Over the past five years, passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million.
Funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself on Instagram while decorating colourful Easter baskets.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy.
Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym that he owned, is now closed.
There have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole in Shirley, Solihull.
The building contractor had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-feet of the ground on the pedestrian walkway.
Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident.
Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to Mr Shiraz
Anthony Bethell, 74, and St John's College, Oxford, embroiled in row.
Bizarre dispute began when he decided to pay for work to restore hedge.
Hedge marks boundary between his home and college's land in Warwickshire.
Mr Bethell claims college has refused to agree with him on the matter.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own car.
Drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV found 31 per cent of men never wash.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Dame Judi Dench and Jamie Lee Curtis have also let their natural tones shine through.
Tottenham face Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday.
Some fans plan to boycott the game in protest against Mike Ashley.
Mauricio Pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard.
Drugs worth £200,000, cars, guns and even a boat were all seized by detectives.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron in phone call.
Gang leader boasted about plans to import cannabis from Amsterdam and ship BMWs to Jamaica.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS.
The 16-year-old was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane.
Odegaard missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday.
Former jockey AP McCoy was in attendance with his wife Chanelle.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing on Saturday.
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere and Southampton duo Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand also turned out.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career.
She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Walter is one of four species of flying fox native to the east coast of Australia.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is expecting quadruplets.
Her youngest of 13 children told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
The schoolteacher from Berlin is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 12 stone after getting married.
Mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas.
She feared her life was falling apart and she was going to split with Stefan.
The fears proved unfounded and a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight.
Now weighs a healthy 11 stone and is a size 12.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday.
The German won the Stuttgart Grand Prix for her second title of the season.
Kerber beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Wakefield Wildcats were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight defeats.
Live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat allow users to broadcast live video to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight for free using these apps.
In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) - $99.99 ($66) to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the bout for £19.99.
HBO issued take down notices last week after the season five
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse.
He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages.
But the couple call it 'an accident', not child abuse and have started a website called TornFamily
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area.
Riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
The court will make a final decision on their fates on May 30.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Brown also scored for the Blues.
Chelsea's Under 19 squad also reached the semi-finals.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Axford said the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern California.
The Bolton-born boxer posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger.
Khan was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa.
Britain's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014.
Bill driven by payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers.
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Argentine forward has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
The 21-year-old scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids.
Dybala insists he was only there for the football, and not to discuss a potential transfer.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night.
The Portugal forward scored in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona.
Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez.
His latest puts him seven goals behind Alfredo Di Stefano's record of 307 in 396 outings, and 23 shy of Raul's 323 in 741.
An elderly man has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital.
John Lahiff believes he accidentally stood on a crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course.
The 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer's own fault.
Mr Lahiff says he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
Jennifer Drew, 31, spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.
She has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill her garage.
The English teacher estimates she saves £70 each week on food.
Once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Barca, Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
The Premier League giants will play once again in the International Champions’ Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer.
Van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America, playing games in Pasadena, Denver, Washington, Detroit and Miami.
The new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can.
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to lose firmness, develop wrinkles.
The company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials, or how much it costs.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Victoria.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused.
They say the disappearance is completely out of character for him.
Prime Minister and outgoing Leader of the Commons William Hague to launch English document.
Centpiece will be pledge to introduce system of 'English votes for English laws'
Will give English MPs effective veto over legislation applying only to constituents.
Mr Hague expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom' by SNP.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
Kim, 31, never revealed her past until her partner Rob asked her.
Rob helped to put her attacker behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
The floors are given over to black-and-white squares with embedded stars.
Woman known only as Goska has spent time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil.
She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country.
The 34-year-old keeps the game simple but has been under pressure.
Carrick's passing tore England apart at the World Cup and he is worshipped in Italy.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Manchester United are considering a move for the France keeper.
Tottenham are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane.
The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is £32.6million.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains.
They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
It was not until 7,800 years ago that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today.
New research suggests Caucasians were a recent addition to the area, arriving 8,000 years ago.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Despite this however, the video itself has been met with some concern from viewers.
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support.
Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading.
The 23-year-old hasn’t featured for the Arsenal first team since November.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on YouTube.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13, federal health officials said.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them.
Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan.
British national, of Polish origin, arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week.
Both the prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
Foreign Office spokeswoman said they are offering consular assistance.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
He said judges should be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Following a controversial trial in 2003, Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years.
ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues' books.
He is earmarked first team potential.
Jose Mourinho will promote one of Chelsea's youngsters next season.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday.
He set up Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in 2-1 victory at Aston Villa.
De Jong has only made one league start this season.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home.
She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect.
Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department's Facebook page after the video went viral.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna, which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel, was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' Ashley responded.
Ashley's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after an on-air discussion about engagement rings.
Bettie Jo, 24, from Houston, Texas, weighed 47 stone (660lb)
She was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs.
Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals.
He kept Bettie Jo fed with unhealthy foods and kept her on a diet.
She now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) and can stand up on her own.
Alexander Kutner was on holiday at Ulusaba, Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve in South Africa's Sabi Sands.
Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Just the day before, we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday.
The 29-year-old was on the phone to his wife in India at the time.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am.
Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
Investigators are looking at whether a structural fault contributed to Mr Saw's fatal fall.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at Athletic Bilbao.
The Manchester United midfielder says he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer.
Herrera joined the Red Devils for £29million following a relatively successful three-year period at the club in 2011-12.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power has been subpoenaed to document exactly when it shut off power to the rental home.
Maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from November 1 through March 31.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today.
Paul Smith has landed a shot at Andre Ward.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Survey of 15,560 GPs by their union found 63% opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week.
Some 94% were against their own practice opening every day.
Just 2% were in favour, while the remainder didn't know.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again.
Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife having her stomach kissed by their son.
The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin.
Manchester City have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
UEFA's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season.
Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the financial restrictions imposed by UEFA will be lifted at the end this summer.
City have been heavily linked with a move for former Chelsea midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
It charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career.
Pacquiao is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen arrived.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Mauricio Pochettino believes that Ryan Mason has also been affected.
Pochettino hopes the pair can improve their standard against Newcastle.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club.
The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August.
Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories at Ibrox this season.
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The Hollywood actor grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports F1.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.
He has been accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others.
Police launched a massive manhunt to find the culprit behind the shootings.
The search ended with Giroux’s arrest in an empty apartment.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Shay Given will keep his place in the side for the final at Wembley.
Brad Guzan is set to lose out again for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
Jackson joked that once he saw the size of the letters, some of which are also 10-feet-wide, he realized he might have gotten ahead of himself.
German government warned of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables.
But German government failed to pass on warning two days before MH17 crash.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
The Frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh FA.
Vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
22-year-old says he was targeted because he had 'checked in' on Facebook minutes earlier.
On Easter Monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs.
Says they shouted his name and swore at him as they drove past and threw eggs at him.
In Australia, 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking.
Around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves either 'beautiful' or 'average'
Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver.
It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Locals say the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter.
Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad'
This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
This comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a digital book.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated in November.
They were sentenced to death for the 1975 murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks.
Bridgeman served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder.
Last year, the men were released after a 12-year-old boy recanted his testimony.
Ricky Jackson, 59, was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 conviction.
He was released last year after the prosecution's star witness recanted.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch.
But when she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania.
Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin.
Hillary Clinton flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam's prophet Muhammad.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in April 1865.
Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi.
As the 34-year-old manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street.
The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
There is an assumption in many quarters that it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every Englishman, wherever he may be, is available for selection.
The fall-out from a shift in policy would have long-term repercussions.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going, had been by his side.
She admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it.
Since August, Davion has
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Catch of sausages stuffed with poisons found on Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham.
Discovery comes after spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove.
Dog owners warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals.
Audrey Pekin, 19, says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
She was attacked by Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends.
Alafu lured her to his remote home and raped her on two separate occasions.
The alleged predator was allowed to escape to his native Nigeria.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday.
Arenson revealed that the Google engineer and Arkansas-native wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, believed she was getting her period.
But when she made a dash for the bathroom, she found she was in labour.
She gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the floor.
Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
She said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
The espresso machine is three months late because of the backlog created by last year's loss of a supply ship in a launch explosion.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, were left with broken vertebrae.
Pair were attempting risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when Jay lost balance.
Mr Carey pulled out his friend's parachute and landed inside of it.
He was told he may never walk again after being injured, but he recovered.
The pair had done almost 500 base-jumps between them when they were injured.
Manny Pacquiao met NBA star Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez.
The Filipino took to Instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather.
Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
Suicide bomb detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, early Saturday.
Attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring another 125.
The group, which included military personnel as well as civilians, were waiting to receive their monthly salaries.
Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted: 'We condemn/deny involvement in both'
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game.
Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial.
Goult, wearing a suit and pink shirt, spoke to confirm his name and deny the charge.
Woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs.
She was knocked unconscious during the second inning at PNC Park.
The ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head.
After 22-minute delay, she was taken to hospital on a stretcher.
Her condition is currently unknown.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He killed Ms Brown so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars.
Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found.
Graham, who dubbed himself Teflon Don, was jailed for life last year.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which totalled £816,127.86p.
But Newcastle Crown Court heard he now has no available assets and must pay back just £1.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
'It's good clean fun, with a hint of naughty,' said Tara O'Hara of Chicago.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice.
They found that pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart, which is also an irreversible part of the human ageing process.
Karen Wakefield appeared in BBC documentary 'People Like Us'
She took daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey.
The mother-of-two has refused to pay £120 fines and is due to appear in court.
She claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months.
Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed.
Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month.
The case against the president, who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup, stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the Maldivian military.
In her prepared remarks Thursday in Washington, Mrs Clooney said she will not rest until Nasheed walks free.
Jackson Byrnes is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target.
The 18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago.
His family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday.
In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
De Bruyne is expected to cost around £40million after joining Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
The Belgian has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida.
He has been expelled from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests.
It comes after Phi Delta Theta openly condemned Eaves' actions and expelled him from the fraternity.
His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, a born-again Christian who was slammed for blaming unemployment on the state's Hispanic population, did not respond to DailyMail.com's request for comment.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday.
Neymar was substituted after 20 minutes with Xavi on the bench.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's petulant reaction.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
To be eligible for the jam's grand prize, it has to showcase more screenshots by April 27, followed by video footage the week after.
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT of £28,000 over two years.
He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation.
Both admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe.
He dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
The video was filmed at her cousin Albert's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted
Lee Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion.
The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual.
Ferguson's spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Eddie Howe expects Bournemouth fans to inspire them to win promotion.
Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday's home game.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages.
Kick It Out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 of them directed towards Premier League players.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season.
The 27-year-old has been showing off his stunning finishing skills again during a recent practice session.
Curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice.
However, the point guard was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
In total, the Ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session.
The girl, who attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California, is being kept home by her mother.
The posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages.
One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears'
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
Picture of her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign was posted online.
It refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used for those whose mental gender and physical sex match is opposite of transgender.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
His friend, 25, remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
Grieving family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going to festivals and sporting events.
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat.
A fifth of girls under 11 confess to have even tried diets.
'Hot-or-not' videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look.
Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the kid is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite'
Chris Ball made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family.
The 21-year-old told them there was nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life.
His family have shared the video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
It is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
There is no evidence for smelting, casting, or alloying of metals in the Western Hemisphere north of Mexico prior to the arrival of Europeans.
The latest discovery of bronze artefacts backs up earlier evidence for trade between Alaska and other civilisations prior to 1492.
Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season.
The England Under-19 defender is valued at £8m by the Championship team.
Manchester City are determined to sign more young English players.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Jimmy Anderson and Sir Ian Botham are the leading wicket-takers in England Test history.
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room.
Louise Smith, 38, was eating with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May when she planted the hairs and complained to staff.
But Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
She was convicted of fraud and is now on the run after CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl and pulling two hairs from her head.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan.
But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone.
Her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever.
Over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday, splashing out on meals for Yan almost every day.
The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible.
A witness who saw the officer taking a picture of Charly after the incident posted their image to Instagram.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $300 million.
The Money Man's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father's training camp.
Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
National Union of Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for children up to seven.
They want schools to introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times.
It is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming'
The motion calls on the NUT to support play for five to seven-year-olds.
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman.
The South African-based businessman has been cleared by the Court of Session.
King required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman.
Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster.
May had earlier said the BBC would be'stupid' to try a version of the hit motoring show with 'a surrogate Jeremy', Richard Hammond and himself.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol.
During his Bristol visit, Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ policies.
He said he and the Tories would spend money on ‘your family, your future’
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat.
On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Engineers believe tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.
They found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos.
This means that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Tampons absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’ which are used to whiten and brighten colours.
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined.
Benaud's memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town in League One on Saturday.
Media team faced challenge of sticking up match highlights on YouTube.
They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team.
Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
Everton's on-loan winger Aaron Lennon equalised for Burnley.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations.
His grandfather, George William Thomson, was a qualified dentist who toiled for many hours on end as part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies.
Wilkins has had almost 30 years of dealing with tantrums and egos as a television presenter and interviewer.
Donald Allen, 66, pointed a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett.
Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun.
Deputy Chief of Police Mike Carter played the video at a news conference.
He said he believes the shooting was justified.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
He assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs.
Hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is keen to impress Luis Enrique in the Champions League.
The 22-year-old has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining Barcelona in the summer.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.
Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure.
2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009, Tel Aviv University's Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry said.
Adele Adkins has topped the list of Britain's richest musicians under 30.
The mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost.
She faces the toughest female competition from Ellie Goulding, 28.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the list for another year.
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane.
The three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers QPR on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood could not stay still for a moment on the touchline as his players went behind twice.
Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go.
Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening in the Villa dugout.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop Andreas Lubitz.
But the only photograph of the hero pilot has emerged of the doomed pilot.
The shrine was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy.
It controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Lubitz, 27.
Mr Lubitz orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 into the mountains.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended.
They were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
The guards were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The men are part of the 'emergency response team' stationed at the detention centre.
Transfield Services said the men had been stood down while an investigation was being conducted.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8.
The Portuguese forward only needed 288 games to reach the milestone.
Ronaldo was presented with a '300' shirt by club president Florentino Perez.
Real Madrid host Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday.
Authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming Go Set a Watchman.
Authorities launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch.
Lee, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Silicani was serving a five- to seven-year sentence at the state prison in Rawlins for conspiracy to commit robbery and robbery resulting in bodily injury.
The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair has been revealed as Amanda Bailey.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey.
Hannah Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, Indiana, on Friday morning after a night out.
Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death.
Police said the circumstances of her disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the case of Lauren Spierer, 20, who vanished in 2011.
Spierer was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington with a group of friends nearly four years ago.
Her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, West Sussex.
Police have released video stills and footage of her last movements.
She was last seen walking in a subway in Portslade, East Sussex, on March 12.
Her family said her death had left a 'deep hole' in their hearts.
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week.
The South African legend is withering in his contempt of those who say he is ‘bulking up’ too much in the gym.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
He went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting to low-cost airline.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping for some time.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 2-1 win over QPR.
The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in six games.
Benteke has been rejuvenated under Tim Sherwood, scoring a goal every 87 minutes since the new Villa manager took over.
Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to Roy Keane.
Former Manchester United midfielder Keane insists that a footballer should 'always look after No 1'
Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25m.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune.
A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
Now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
Former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies.
Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott deny any association with UKIP.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in ad for men's clothing brand Jacamo.
Personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37.
They model latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
Town and Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
A new antibody injection could 'wipe out advanced cancer'
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system.
They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in this case the tumour - and through the use of signalling cells, alert T-cells, that act like the immune's system's SWAT team.
When the antibodies come into contact with the 'unwelcome'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
Was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
Morgan Stanley said Labour would be 'dragged to the Left' by SNP.
It warned that Labour would abandon pledge to manage public finances carefully.
Second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome.
Blake, 27, welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January.
She has been promoting her upcoming movie roles and her new figure.
The actress, who has her own blog, admits she 'loves' to eat chocolate.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Fans are planning to wear orange to show their support for Ronald Koeman.
Pochettino left Southampton for Spurs last May.
Koeman has made some shrewd signings to replace those departed.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened.
Older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest workers have gone up by nine times as much.
Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
Australia World Cup winner James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire.
Faulkner will join up with the county side following his Indian Premier League commitments.
He will replace compatriot Peter Siddle in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Meanwhile, Mrs Meitaiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Pink croc Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies.
The bag is so exclusive it can't even be brought in store.
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the bag.
Hermes is one of the most coveted handbags of all time.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history.
It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000.
The idea came after a Chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year.
Burnley host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer.
McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle and Sunderland.
Elijah McCrae died in his mother's arms on Monday evening.
His parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son.
Elijah suffered from the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
The list included plans to take a road trip to Queensland to watch the sunrise, and visits to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old will be on the move again this summer.
Richards joined Fiorentina after being frozen out at City.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are interested.
Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday.
Referee Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick.
England held on in the final moments to secure the draw and, with it, a place in this summer's finals in Israel.
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults.
Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director.
Jonathan Trott returned to the international scene after 18 months out.
Alastair Cook believes the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker'
The pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies.
Trott has scored 49 Tests, 3,763 runs and nine centuries.
Leo Schofield, 79, has slammed Tasmania as a state full of 'dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'
He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
He said he was offered $300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $400,000 the government offered in the previous year.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
This increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism.
If father is over 45, there is a threefold increased risk of eye cancer.
More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed.
Thousands of animals are feared to have been wiped out by the blaze after yesterday's strong winds of up to 45mph, coupled with bone dry ground thanks to a lack of rain.
Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean.
The island's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
For that prize, valued at $30,000, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify.
Sam is not the only winner going home empty handed either, as under NCAA guidelines college athletes cannot accept any forms of payment or gifts.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The so-called 'The Nation's Fist' wrote and sang the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'
The 80s style music video includes a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out.
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's player reminds him of his Wigan side.
The Spaniard says there is no fear of relegation in the Premier League.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 people and is spread over three floors.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, sourced the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest.
She said: 'I have always been mad about the story and it was my favourite Disney film'
Ukip's education spokesman appeared in manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Ukip deputy leader joked that the photoshop allegations were not true.
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior designed to send signal to President.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries set to contribute to naval exercise.
Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Charlie Austin headed the visitors' second goal of the game in the 35th minute.
Youssouf Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton before he scored for his side.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana on Monday.
World No 5 was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt.
The pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice.
The problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
The vehicle had been rebuilt or restored, with new elements.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey, when the ceiling collapsed.
Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
MPs highlighted irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep weight as low as possible.
'Pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000.
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
The dogs were found at a bush site in Coonarr, near Bundababerg on Tuesday.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in Sydney's east and west on ANZAC Day.
The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
A scientist said the weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air.
Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to 'strongly disagree'
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company.
When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers, they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, 46, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
She had a nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain.
The teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15.
Debbie recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show called ‘Fake Britain’
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season.
Arsene Wenger admits Liverpool could use his interest in Sanchez as leverage during negotiations over Luis Suarez's move to Barcelona.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away.
There are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
Production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home.
Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials.
A shelter in place order has been given for the surrounding half-mile area
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire.
As she left her car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle.
He smashed the bottle against her window, causing the glass to shatter.
Ms knapton was left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth.
She also lost a tooth and has to have stitches on both sides of her lips.
Her family have released shocking photos which show extent of her injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia.
Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events.
They believe he was killed instantly in the fall on Friday after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave.
Toure will be made available before his value in the market dwindles.
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was in hospital.
Her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her.
Bailey got up and stood on her own for the first time and hugged her.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Friday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as those in Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Brazilian ace Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due to the weather.
Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday.
Giroud believes Arsenal will continue to improve and challenge for the title.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over in January.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January.
The fast-casual chain says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat.
Chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen.
Video posted to Facebook has been watched more than 3.7million times.
It shows a young woman sucking on to a tube of Pringles to reveal her new lips.
The video has already been watched over 3.5million times on Facebook.
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
Uber has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
And in London, a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning in a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come and meet them.
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon was 'a little black puppet on a string'
Mr Katter said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past.
Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history.
He announced on Wednesday he will remain in the Queensland parliament as an independent, throwing the Government into chaos.
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole.
Holmes started the day six shots off the lead.
But Holmes stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford holding company.
The former QPR chairman has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Paladini spent eight years at QPR, seizing control after a complicated takeover in 2003.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Toure earns more than £1m a month at City.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost 16st.
Had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago which caused stomach to shrink.
Father-of-three was struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes.
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal weighs in at a huge 12.5 kilos (26lbs)
The Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the quarter-final of the Champions League.
Edinson Cavani has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances.
PSG have been stripped by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti.
Cavani has endured problems and a significant goal drought for one of his talents.
Tryster turned on the after burners to race to victory in the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield.
The four-year-old beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer Charlie Appleby.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from the Winter Derby winner.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words.
The program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
In February he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush.
Among old Twitter messages he posted was one in which he called female students ‘sluts’
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.
The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Holly Leonard, who was homeless and had spent time in prison, now has a house.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match.
Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby.
‘Cmon Opie’ he screams hysterically as the horse draws near to the finishing line.
When Khan and Bosson finish victorious, he cannot contain himself, erupting into fist-pumping celebrations and bolting off camera.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'
The winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source said.
Further delays to inquiry will fuel claims those criticised are trying to bury bad news.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
Arsenal will take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
The Gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
Wenger also confirmed that second-choice keeper Wojciech Szczesny will start in the tie.
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page, showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with large red chillies.
The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence.
NSW Police also shared the image with the caption 'The heat is on' leading many to question what the car owner's offence actually was.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook.
Andrea Yates was convicted of murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
In 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to mental hospital.
Her ex-husband, Russell 'Rusty' Yates, has since remarried and has a son.
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness'
He said: 'They just take her and put her on public display, with the bodies of my children'
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England.
Trott was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
England face West Indies in Antigua on Monday.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6- 4 in the Miami Open final.
The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after beating John Isner.
Murray's former coach Dani Valverdu and trainer Jez Green switched camps.
Experts believe Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners.
It is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period, when Catherine the Great was sending envoys to Alaska to boost the fur trade.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night.
Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Detlef Guenzel killed Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz in 2013.
He cut his victim into small pieces and buried them in his garden.
The 57-year-old was sentenced to eight years and six months in prison.
Mahendra Bavishi said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
Mr Bavishi, 69, also told of his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault while the gang were forcing their way into 72 safe deposit boxes.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday.
The Irishman rode Don Cossack to victory.
McCoy is preparing for his final Grand National on Saturday.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.
It is thought the men boarded the lorry in Belgium before crossing the channel.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire.
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest fights in the world over the past decade.
Pacquiao has been born into poverty in the Philippines and spent his early career fighting in the Far East.
He left home aged 14 to pursue his career in the sport which has made him an icon.
Boxing fans have already begun pouring into Las Vegas to taste the atmosphere building around the richest fight in history.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London.
Race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Mr Rahman denies those charges.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos.
Her husband, Nigel, said his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer.
The officer then punched Crowder in the face and he fought back, claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Real Madrid travel to Vicente Calderon for Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from with Gareth Bale set to return to the first team.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21, after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday.
His family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
They described Max, a third-year photography student at the Rochester Institute of Technology, as'very comfortable' there.
Marcus Copeland, 44, splashed out almost £1million to complete the six-bedroomed eco house.
He sourced specialist Scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in Cwm Dyserth, near St Asaph, North Wales.
But yesterday it emerged that the married father-of-two’s dream had become a nightmare after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000 for the property.
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother's eyes.
She was raped and murdered by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38, on April 15.
Huge screens had been erected outside St Peter's Church in Calais.
Hundreds attended the funeral of the nine-year-old who was killed.
Kadeem Brown, 25, was thrown across a median in the Bronx, New York.
He then slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.
His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark, 5, who was waiting for the bus.
Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before the crash.
Mr Brown died at the scene, while the little girl who is not featured in the video died a short time later.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the Fisher-Price set can exceed 15 per cent.
Some people are born with synaesthesia, while others experience it after a stroke, or while using psychedelic drugs such as LSD.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's semi-final win over Celtic.
The defender also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
None of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage.
Steven Gerrard set to start for Liverpool against Aston Villa on Sunday.
The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving a three-match ban for seeing red against Man United.
Gerrard last lifted the FA Cup in 2006 at the Millennium Stadium.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final on Sunday afternoon.
Authorities in Florida have released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men.
The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a woman.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time.
She had baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday.
Second little boy came along on the A47 in Norfolk two years ago.
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons divisions.
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Jose Mourinho believes the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped.
The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award.
Lionel Messi finished runner-up to Ronaldo in 2014.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday.
Frank McLintock believes Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey.
Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York.
The UFC has approved a bill to legalize and regulate the combat sport that includes boxing, judo, wrestling and kickboxing.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog.
He today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at Isleworth Crown Court.
Linford Christie was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning a blind eye' to drug dealing.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
But a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court found him not guilty of rape and sexual assault.
Study uncovered link between belief in God and societal characteristics.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015.
It is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC.
Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade.
Warm water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore, the trust said.
Volunteers will live, work and sleep on Silurian research ship for up to 12 days.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, in Smethwick, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows him jumping her as she walked home from pub.
Co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was jailed for 10 years for manslaughter and robbery.
Judge John Warner said the boy had been 'running wild' in his home life.
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday.
They were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, weighed 20st 4lb.
She wore dress size 26 when she was on family day out with daughters.
Fairground worker told her: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'
She joined Weight Watchers and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Now weighs just over 10st and wears a size 10.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The result was a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand.
Jasper and Jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria.
Both dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
Their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always
Sergio Canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant.
He hopes to operate on his first patient, a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease.
But he says he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Potentially he could be jailed for conducting such an operation in a country where it does not have approval.
However severely disabled Valery Spiridonov has volunteered to be a guinea pig.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
But upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Cardiff.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling'
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker at Stansted Airport.
The couple were too drunk to remember what they had done at the branch.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
X Factor finalist, 19, has been revealed as face of dry shampoo brand Batiste.
The campaign sees the singer stand against a blurred city background.
Henderson has commented on her excitement on working with the brand.
Child was outside shops in Brighton, East Sussex, when dog attacked her.
Girl suffered single puncture wound to upper lip following incident.
Sussex police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog.
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred.
Two children, 13 and 9 years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel.
The death of 40-year-old has shaken the city, but a man being thrashed to death because his motorcycle grazed a car as bystanders watched in silence is a new low.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph.
Prosecutors allege Walters deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train.
The 23-year-old Sydney resident's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning.
New South Wales police are investigating the train incident.
Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
Cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges.
The 36-year-old was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
The advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations.
It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
But the campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users.
Some posters have been defaced, with some even being defaced.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th Premier League appearance.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, made perilous journey across Mediterranean to escape beheading from Islamic State fanatics.
They arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from Libya.
Haber said his friends had been shot dead by armed ISIS terrorists who patrol the anarchy-ridden towns and beaches of the North African state.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court on Thursday.
Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
Security footage of the violent altercation was shown for the first time on Thursday, revealing the details of the distressing altercation outside Hugo's Lounge in Sydney.
Patrick Lyttle nearly lost his life after suffering traumatic head injuries.
He was found by emergency services in a pool of blood and vomit.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
The economy and the NHS were the most frequently mentioned issues.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest.
It will allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption.
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Professor George Lewith says it is produced safely and at optimum dose.
Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines because they are'safe'
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five strokes.
Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke.
The 21-year-old shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted.
The charges, filed in October 2014, came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013.
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure.
The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as International Cricket Council president.
The Bangladeshi politician was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup quarter-final defeat to India.
Kamara's remarks were described as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
But it has long been abandoned and left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings.
Despite its chequered past, preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons.
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
The brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
Clarkson said receiving cancer warning was one of most stressful experiences.
The 55-year-old was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
He said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother Shirley.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Graziano Pelle was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce.
Referee Kevin Friend could not believe the Southampton striker remained on the field.
Pelle went on to score his first Premier League goal since December 20.
James Ward-Prowse put the home side in front, coming on at half-time to convert a penalty.
Reanne Evans failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship.
Ken Doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying.
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out giving a season-long tour wild card to Evans.
Archbishop of Canterbury called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance.
He said the dead were'martyrs' in wake of slaughter of Christian students in Kenya.
Said killing of Christians over past year had been a 'wicked' development.
Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
In a series of images, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be.
The images were captured throughout the house including the living room, at her family's kitchen table, in a bathroom and in bedrooms.
Marcus will present a selection of images from Choreographing My Past and a video installation on May 8, 2015 at Arnika Dawkins Gallery in Atlanta.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards after the game.
Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff.
The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Lib Dem leader says Nigel Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal he is uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out'
Mr Clegg warns the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Cameron issued an appeal to people planning to vote UKIP to instead support the Tories in an attempt to block a 'toxic tie-up' between Laabiur and the SNP.
But Mr Clegg condemned the 'worrying' suggestion that his former coalition partners should seek to build a majority by appealing to people on the
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves ahead of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto.
Lahm is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football.
The 31-year-old has won six Bundesliga medals and is on loan at Stuttgart.
He is currently gearing up to take on Porto in the quarter-finals on Wednesday.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for ambulance.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned.
Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married again in 2013.
But first wife Michelle discovered his secret second marriage on Facebook.
She uncovered deception when she came across footage of him completing ice bucket challenge.
O’Clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in fraud case.
He had been put in witness protection programme which meant he had to live in'safe house' for long periods.
Michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies, agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening.
The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
The group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their'sins'
They then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times.
Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
Window cleaners were working at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
The platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly, and at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact.
Authorities said they were investigating the incident.
Shane Ferguson has been out injured since joining Rangers.
The on-loan Newcastle United winger is back training.
Stuart McCall hopes Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers' play-off bid.
Rangers face Livingston at the Energy Assets Arena on Wednesday.
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, was traveling home after visiting a sister in California when she was removed from the Frontier Airlines flight.
She was seated next to two Indian-American men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom.
All three were detained, according to the ACLU.
Hebshi was held for hours before being released.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
The 57-year-old woman's SUV was pushed nearly a quarter-mile.
Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham said there were no injuries among the 51 passengers and crew.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
Dave Cameron said he needed to convince his team of the worth of playing for their country rather than playing for themselves.
Five teenagers were arrested in pre-dawn raids in Melbourne's south-east.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts.
Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana.
The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win.
Durst, 72, faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case.
He was arrested in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx.
John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison.
Degrafreed was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe in 2014.
He received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003.
His lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal.
Cowell's barrister, Peter Davis, said Mr Carmody had met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson shared an email, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
But Kenny Dalglish says he should not go to the Under-21s.
Kane showed against Italy that he can cope with playing against some of the world's best defenders.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform.
She reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend.
Some have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat.
The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
The man who gave her the ride home that day was never found.
Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois.
Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
The illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Last year French customs officers seized more than six tonnes of cocaine at ports of entry.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC Worldwide feared Clarson would vent his anger during live shows.
But he has agreed so the shows can go ahead 'in good spirit'
Clarkson is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit next year.
The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Big change will be the introduction of the FIFA Club World Cup badge.
Boy, 13, allegedly stole $25,000 from his grandfather and handed out wads of notes.
He then went to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash.
The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway.
Some $7,000 of the man's savings has been recovered.
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week.
Liverpool are infuriated by Sterling's decision to give an interview to the BBC.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Swansea City host Everton at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City at 3pm.
Manchester United host Manchester City at 4pm on Sunday.
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference.
But they are vulnerable against Liverpool and Aston Villa.
The long-term plan is plain: Pep Guardiola will leave in 2016.
There has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the training ground.
The ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on.
Luis Enrique's side moved another step closer to reclaiming the La Liga title on Wednesday evening with a 4-0 hammering of Almeria.
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
The actress and dancer, from Clerkenwell, London, models spring/summer 2015 range.
Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida shows off her moves as she pulls some poses.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner.
Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
When authorities arrived at the mill in Qing Cheng District on Wednesday they found large quantities of fake cotton goods.
57% of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week.
Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year.
Aldi and Lidl are attracting increasing numbers of middle class shoppers dubbed the 'Lidl class'
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Ukip source revealed party had initially planned for Nigel Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month.
The Saints left-back moved permanently from Chelsea earlier in the year.
Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's.
But he struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Bamford is the Championship's Player of the Year.
The striker is on loan from Chelsea and the question is whether he could be Stamford Bridge's answer to Harry Kane next season.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force.
He will spend time with the elite SAS and Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney.
Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani and co-defendant.
He then shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in revenge 'against those that ruined me'
A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, died of a heart attack.
Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'
Jesse O'Brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis.
Footage of six-year-old was taken by his mother Heidi, 37.
It was to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness.
The video finally hit the one million mark exactly a week after Heidi posted it, first thing on Wednesday morning.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness.
It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption.
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible.
There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
She ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day.
The mother-of-one maintained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet.
Yulia moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009 to set up a healthy life-coaching business.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored the crucial try in extra-time.
Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
Troubled encounter is an all-French repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup Final.
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii, Friday afternoon.
Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered her unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.
The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg claims Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose.
Rosberg admits he would not do anything differently under the circumstances.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories.
Just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9per cent under the current Coalition.
Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
Survey of FTSE 100 bosses showed 70 per cent believe Labour government would be a 'catastrophe' for the economy.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge.
A body was recovered on Wednesday and the medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive.
This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
The daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation'
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country, such as London and South East England, but there are more than 20,
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday.
The only other big fish to announce his candidacy so far is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, an evangelical Christian whose views couldn't be much more different from Paul's.
Paul's uber-libertarian father, former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Andrea Dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting.
The defender was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on April 7.
But Metropolitan Police have confirmed that the Italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene were released after being interviewed.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
His lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences on Monday.
Rezaian was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said the allegations against her client 'had no link' with the nuclear talks.
Tony Hunt, from Normanton, Derby, is demanding an apology from police.
Neighbour reported his daughter's cat Harry had been hit by a patrol car.
But instead of explaining what had happened, officers knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag.
A witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'
Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters in his area.
Incredibly, when he contacted police, officers coldly told him he had been 'disposed of'
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Pablo Zabaleta admits City are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Manuel Pellegrini's side now trail the leaders by 12 points.
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The designer is taking a break from the runway to focus on international ventures.
Perry is a judge on Australia's Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia.
Nicola Sturgeon said independence vote was 'once in a generation' event two years ago.
But in election debate, she said she respected last year's result.
She said she would not call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto in May.
Scotland's first minister accused of holding Britain to 'ransom'
Jim Murphy, Labour's leader in Scotland, said: 'We don't need your help'
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested in Swansea yesterday morning.
He is accused of assaulting and harassing Danniella Westbrook, 41.
The pair split in November after spending months together in California.
Richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000.
It prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body.
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class.
She immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed.
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle have joined forces with Race For Life.
The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover.
They hope the shots will encourage women from across the UK to join the female-only event.
Naturalists In Paradise tells the story of an earlier trio of British explorers.
Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon.
The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it.
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.
Clarke was furious guest speaker Ehsan Mani made no mention of ICC’s Test match contingency fund.
Sky Sports have refused to allow their pundit Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown on April 25.
Paul McGowan was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman.
The Dundee midfielder will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest.
McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down as he went to work in Guatemala City.
He was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fire.
A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill him.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass during a rally for Labour.
Comedian said the popstar should be 'proud to make a contribution'
Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay also attended rally.
Ed Miliband said Labour would build 125,000 new homes.
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers.
Ms Fernando said people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Her'shocking' suggestion was slammed by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg.
Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
A collection of 25 letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
The letters, which comprise more than 100 pages, were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Smiling and enjoying the fresh air, he seemed to be in better spirits.
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal of his career.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
He has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
She will be part of the Russian team facing Germany in Sochi.
Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed.
Small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island.
Plane was en route to Samana Peninsula off north coast with six passengers.
Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two from Britain.
Pilot of Piper PA-32 was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing.
It struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband.
He explained away his long absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud.
It was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged.
Now, Michelle has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life.
President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro.
Schapiro was due to attend annual Victory Day parade in Moscow.
President Zeman banned Ambassador from Prague Castle, seat of presidency.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona.
Suarez has scored six from six in the Champions League.
The Uruguayan is starting to look like £75million very well spent.
Barcelona are now within two games of the Berlin final on June 6.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe.
Under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving.
For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the UK for four years.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work.
She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Scientists at Newcastle University found that girls really do mature faster than boys.
Robert O'Neill, who killed Osama bin Laden, will host a'machine gun fun' competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $50,000 a ticket.
He will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
O'Neill claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney in Nottingham last month.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever.
But he received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration.
Picking the right one - that isn't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial.
In response to extra demand, many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger.
The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Liverpool have been willing to sell the 24-year-old since January.
Ferrero said the Italian should be put on a diet of bread and water.
Joanna Flynn, 50, charged with manslaughter and criminal negligence causing death.
Former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, Canada.
Husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39, said she was the alleged victim.
She died at the hospital on March 2, 2014, leaving the couple's two young sons aged 15 and 18.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved.
She saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale.
Atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times in their bid for revenge for last season's Champions League final.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in Hebei Province in central China has installed metal bars on all balconies after two pupils committed suicide in six months.
Web users suggested the fence was put up to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building.
Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.
The Chilean has come under fire following their title race capitulation.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new FFP rules.
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone.
The device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads bind to any cancerous cell in the sample, changing the way light passes through it.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
They have already tested their device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples obtained during smear tests.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret
The title race appears to be over, but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League?
Even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.
There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six.
Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in?
Are Leicester too far back?
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at top of Serie A.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval.
Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Girl was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
She is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in Namtsy, Siberia.
Circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the incident.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012.
Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples.
Ms Fox underwent surgery and radiation treatment in December.
When a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body, Ms Fox rejected further conventional medical treatment.
She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details.
Marla McCants, 43, was kidnapped and held hostage by her ex-boyfriend when she was in her early 20s.
She was unable to get out of bed, so her three daughters took care of her.
After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, she finally stood up for the first time in years on the season finale of My 600lb Life.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate.
He attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain.
Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’ and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had ‘overwhelming support’ of the British public.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final.
Franz Beckenbauer accused the German stars of playing as if they had taken'sleeping pills'
The German legend was speaking in New York to mark the club's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister David Cameron has hailed the work of the Church.
He said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays' in UK.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter.
Archbishop of Canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men.
The more 'popular' and relevant an image is, the higher up the ranks it will move.
Several high-powered women have re-tweeted the results of the search.
Anna and Indi, owned by Zane Jones, have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old.
They use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
The dogs haven’t won a competition yet, but their owners are hoping they can top their best result to date.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
The Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute during Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex.
They flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water.
Stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet.
Police have described it as the worst case of'mindless destruction' they have ever witnessed.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case.
Karabatic and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club lost to a struggling team.
The trial will likely take place within months.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22.
Moments before he announced the verdict on Monday, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom.
The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened when he confronted a group at a park about the noise they were making.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and instead with his mother.
Hinckley shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.
Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family.
Twiggy, 65, models summer range for M&S.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season.
Says she has never had cosmetic surgery.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
But he insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right.
Last week he said if someone he 'cared' for was involved in a gay union he would 'of course attend'
Florida Senator announced he is running for president last week.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid it.
The body lay undiscovered for three days before being found by paramedics.
Martins was convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Jon Czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done.
Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity.
Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos found LED screens in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye.
In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration.
Modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
This lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
HTC One M8's version combines an UltraPixel and a Duo Camera.
The first sensor captures the image, while the the second captures depth information.
Once a photo is taken there are four editing options called Ufocus,
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Neil was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago.
But he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend, Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll, was busted in Las Vegas last week.
Stoll was accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into the MGM Grand hotel.
He tweeted the former Dancing With The Stars contestant on Monday saying: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'
Unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by would-be rapist in Shandong, China.
She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
CCTV images show how she pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake escort website profile on Facebook.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
They found that teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students.
The researchers suggest psychological interventions could be used to help change the stereotypes of black students influencing the way teachers treat pupils.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory.
The 91-year-old great-grandmother worked as the only woman in its laboratory between 1943 and 1945.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Christopher Bailey celebrated the launch of his new Beverley Hills store.
Over 700 guests attended the event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles.
The event also marks the opening of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive.
Blast at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, on Monday night.
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months.
Plant produces paraxylene, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, Syria.
Now, she has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State - posting picture.
It shows her enjoying a Western-style takeaway dinner with another teenage 'jihadi bride'
Amira also shares love for Vans and Nike trainers and Chelsea FC.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw with Stoke.
The striker has scored 12 goals this season but is set to miss the rest of the campaign.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'better squat than let homes rot'
Banners bearing housing messages were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building.
The group called for support in a message on their Facebook page.
It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent.
The League Two side suffered a fourth consecutive defeat on Saturday.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after the 3-0 loss by Oxford while supporters demonstrated outside the ground, calling for the manager to leave.
Sam Smith, 22, is the star of Vogue.co.uk's Today I'm Wearing.
He has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet.
The singer is now barely recognisable, with designer stubble and a new wardrobe.
His diet has been so successful that he lost over a stone in two weeks.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July.
It is one of three games Jose Mourinho's side will feature in across the pond.
Chelsea are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of killing four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe and his girlfriend Michele Anderson gunned them down and then hid their bodies in a shed behind the house.
During his testimony, he claimed he was abused as a child at the hands of his unstable mother and her boyfriends.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday night.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in the defeat.
John Carver has labelled Sissoa's tackle as 'indefensible'
Carver did not complain about that decision, but he was angry that Ayoze Perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by Dejan Lovren.
Scott Kelley, now 50, fled U.S. with stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, in 2004.
They fled after Mark Nunes, Mary's biological father, was granted custody.
Genevieve Kelley, then 50, refused to hand her daughter over to Mr Nunes.
She took the girl to Colorado, then boarded a flight to South America.
Mary has been released from custody and is now staying at undisclosed location.
Kelley is now facing a charge of custodial interference in court next month.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart.
Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for support in event of alien invasion.
The former US President went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva.
Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove mention of aliens.
Warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during maths test.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years.
The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York.
She found the angle at which she could watch them to be one that should be photographed.
David Serbeck, 42, was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007.
The girl visited him under the guise of playing with his pet snakes.
Manny Pacquiao trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles.
The Filipino-fighter will take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr on May 2.
It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in Las Vegas.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW's central west.
President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United.
The Argentine forward says the experience of scoring in a derby is unparalleled.
Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the best player in the world.
The former Manchester United boss has backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti.
Ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension.
Bosnian goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs, including Real Madrid.
Birmingham City had led through Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson.
But Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Rotherham boss Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh found a sentimental ring while snorkelling in Bali on April.
The 34-year-old took to social media to find the owner of the ring.
She met with Joe and Jenny Langley in Noosa on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple.
Ms Walsh was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners after their granddaughter, Jade, found the social media campaign on Facebook.
Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its mystery owner.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her son.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland.
Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains and two counts of signing false certificates.
Susan Monica, 66, a pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes.
Andrés Iniesta has listed his vineyard on Airbnb for €125 (£90) a night.
The property is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property.
Other facilities include a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18.
Frampton and his people will decide if they really want it.
It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena.
Many have called for a fight between the IBF's No 5 ranked fighter Frankie Gavin to face Kell Brook.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station.
They were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport in 2005.
Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death but safety reports were not disclosed.
Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million.
Campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going, had been by his side - and on Wednesday she officially became his mother.
'This is a special day for a lot of people. This room is a testament to all the lives
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year.
It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states.
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
His most recent work, the Cloak of Remembrance for Anzac Day, will be unveiled on April 25 at the New Zealand Embassy in Washington.
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume, which can be viewed in its entirely online.
No-one is suggesting that the image of Yoda influenced the popular films in any way, but according to Star Wars folklore, Yoda is 900 years old – in the films shot in the late 1970
Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
The Australian Prime Minister was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous.
Mr Abbott was labelled 'un-Australian' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign.
Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided.
Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
She had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990.
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Her drug-user parents were reported to social services five times.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant.
A review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer.
She is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs £1,000 a week.
NHS England removed the drug from its approved list of treatments in January.
Mrs Peackock has launched a petition calling on the NHS to reinstate it.
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on Tuesday.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in the pecking order.
The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
Signatories warned about 'proliferation of zero-hours contracts'
Said they were 'all working people' and showed 'we need a Labour Government'
But within hours plan was in chaos as signatories included benefit fraudster.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year.
The overall unemployment rate has fallen to 5.5per cent in March from 6.7per cent at the end of 2013.
Despite the recent news, in a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year.
Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea.
United boss Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho has been criticised for hounding match officials this season.
Official figures report the Blues to be serial offenders.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall.
Mr Maxwell is planning to retire and play bowls while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
Joey Barton captained his side to just their second away victory of the season.
QPR are still in the Premier League drop zone but are just three points behind fellow strugglers Aston Villa.
The 2015 general election is just over two weeks away.
Political party underwear insures politicians remain the butt of the joke.
Lib Dems have created their own 18th birthday cards.
SNP picnic blanket is ideal way to showcase political opinion.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has nearly 70,000 followers on Instagram.
The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia.
Her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions.
She moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer in 30 seconds.
The undefeated champion claims McGregor is just trying to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight.
McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on a return for Kevin Pietersen.
Former captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But the five-year-old amazed mother Sara when he took his first steps last year.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old was led away by police in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff in March.
Muliaina has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers.
The Barcelona midfielder played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 on Tuesday.
Rakitic has been instrumental for Luis Enrique's side since signing from rivals Sevilla in June.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons'
That information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers.
Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government.
What's more, the affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal's side.
Mata insists his side can take many positives from the game.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test in Saint George's.
Durham all-rounder injured himself, then struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels.
Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
Research carried out in Milan backs up tests carried out by Medical Detection Dogs.
The charity's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip.
Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Tim Sherwood's side.
Sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell rates the players' performances.
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since November 2.
The Islanders are in 11th place in Serie A after a three-game losing streak.
Coach Andrea Stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and reclassified investigation as murder inquiry.
But the 37-year-old's body has never been found.
Search has full consent of present landlord who is not connected with investigation.
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of 20 per cent return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts.
McIndoe dated a string of glamour models, including Helena Fletcher and Emma Frain.
The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people.
The co-pilot had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
The left back has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag.
Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for Manchester United.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship.
Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control.
It is a 22nd league championship for PSV, who are second only to Ajax.
Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
One of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray.
She arrived just before 4.00pm looking resplendent in a white, to-the-knee overcoat.
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage.
It was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers.
The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class.
ACT Education MInister Joy Burch said it is a horrifying situation.
Nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world, are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature.
Settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises.
Aogashima in the Philippine Sea, has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight.
Hatton lost to Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Orana Wildlife Park in Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula before he was jailed by Yemeni officials.
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
Batarfi is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops.
One child is dead after a car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday.
Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of Berth 73.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney.
The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
Design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat.
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years.
You can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
An emotional Klopp said he would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.
Map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre.
The highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela.
Map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight.
They were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards.
Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Liverpool.
Torres has scored four goals for Atletico Madrid since joining in January.
The 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club in 2011.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago.
She is sharing her story so that less people with the virus can feel the guilt and shame that sometimes accompanies the common skin condition.
Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The A-level student had been studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer.
She said: 'She had her whole life in front of her, she was a bright, beautiful girl'
Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
It is in Gignic, and near the town of Brives la Gaillarde and is only a two-hour drive from Bordeaux.
David Cameron was repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith was accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister.
At one point, he offered to bet £1,000 that he would not win a majority.
Viewers on Twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home.
Mr King is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Clermont's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions Saints points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial.
'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said.
The interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's killing.
Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water.
Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take.
In their hunt for alien life, astronomers have so far focused on looking for Earth-like planets around smaller, cooler suns.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL this week to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
Peterson is under contract for 2015 and is set to earn a base salary of $12.75million from the Vikings.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday.
The Manchester City midfielder came on as a substitute against Crystal Palace.
Nasri and Edin Dzeko are expected to be part of a summer cull.
City are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Study by Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
FEMAIL has enlisted the help of Burlington Danes Academy principal Michael Ribton to offer advice on how to get through the tricky months ahead.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford.
The clip appears to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
Manchester City have worked long and hard to cut out such chants and references.
A handful of fans were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression for his side.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the murder has affected their kids.
Ms Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney, and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed that an autopsy will be carried out this week.
Detect
Wilford was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road.
He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
The sandy-colored canine has been nursed back to health by a foster family.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on Monday for throwing a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in New Mexico.
On Thursday, he claims to have hurled another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar.
Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity.
He was tasked with meeting trains bringing victims and robbing them.
Between May 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there, with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival.
Now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness as co-plaintiffs against Groening.
Officer Michael Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer.
Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
He is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail.
His mother is expected to visit her son Friday for the first time since the shooting.
On Friday it was revealed that no warrant had been issued
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
It's claimed they were on their way to join the Islamic State.
The men were caught trying to use what has become a familiar potential route taken by Australian jihadists going to the Middle East.
Australia has also agreed to expand its intelligence sharing with Turkish counterterrorism agencies.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
He was watching Edwin at their home when he allegedly became enraged that the boy urinated on him during a diaper change.
Alvarado allegedly confessed to the assault on videotape.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The robot took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
From today, Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling.
It comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months.
Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014.
Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister, 43, from Adelaide, was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3kg of methamphetamine from Guangzhou to Australia.
Another citizen, Ibrahim J
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's father Mark is acting as his representative.
Calum Chambers is on the books at Cassius Sports Management.
Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne.
Liverpool club secretary Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons following 20 years at Wigan.
Fabio Capello and Terry Venables were two conspicuous names missing from the list of England managers who signed the letter backing Greg Dyke’s campaign to boost home-grown talent.
Jack Andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland.
He was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay.
Deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
At summer camp, Jack met a sympathetic counsellor and began to channel his grief into the science that would make him a star.
The capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account that boasts over 1,000 Twitter followers and you have yourself one popular rodent.
The large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
The total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at only $418 million.
Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 percent and 5.6% respectively.
None* is an intentionally mysterious app called None*.
It gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses.
There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users guess the answers.
The app is available to download for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash.
When one of Mr Kyle's lie detector tests revealed that Jamie had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms.
But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Conservatives or Labour.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head to Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will leave wife and young children behind to fight.
He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen.
Mr Costa has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern Iraq via Jordan.
'I will be saving a bullet or keeping a grenade strapped to my chest,' he said.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, sued last week, accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy.
The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Benjamin.
Their attorney Ray Chester says they used to determine that Mandy had received an overdose of Botox just like Joshua Drake.
Allergan plead guilty to criminal off-label promotion in 2010 and paid $600 million in fines.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen at their Melwood base.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Liverpool City Council planning committee has given its approval on Tuesday.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein.
Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein should be'struck from the record'
The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations but issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
Ahmed was indicted for lying to the FBI during a terrorism investigation, conspiring to provide material support to the ISIS.
No public charges were filed against his companions and little information was released about them.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
Lamble says this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from narcissism and narcissism disorders.
'A lack of remorse definitely fits in. It's like - you do what you need to do to get what
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year.
While a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
Secretary of the Immigration Department Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
Footage was taken from a car following the van, understood to have been transporting football fans.
The van was travelling at such speeds that it carries on travelling some 50 metres down the carriageway before finally grinding to a halt.
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be the perfect fit for Bayern.
The 47-year-old won two Bundesliga titles in seven seasons with Dortmund.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007, and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to start at $3.5 million.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp.
The Borussia Dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave the German club in the summer.
Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
‘Stop and think – if every mother posted all that cr*p about their kid – I’m sure you’d get over it pretty quickly,' the letter reads.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano, who posted it to her Facebook page and described it as
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
Mr Miah blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December.
Barbara Walters says that Monica Lewinsky would be a 'run away success' on The View.
The 41-year-old former White House intern recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
Lewinsky recently talked about 'The Price of Fame' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but did not appear.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
Cousins has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S.
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
The Georgian was caught using his phone in the middle of a match.
Tournament organisers announced their decision to expel him on Sunday.
Nigalidze could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates.
England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill at Lord's.
The decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York.
He was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
They hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs.
Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with the city.
Brian Kidd is Manchester through and through.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead early on Sunday in New Haven, Connecticut.
He was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials informed him he could no longer pitch for his team.
The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions.
When his manager sent him out to pitch after the ban was issued, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured.
Sunday's murder was the city's fourth
David Cameron will offer public £4 billion of Lloyds shares if he wins election.
Investors will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of shares, worth 78.7p.
Shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on market rate.
The proceeds will help pay down the national debt.
It is the latest'retro' Conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday.
She collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
Ms Gemmill was the fifth cyclist killed on London's road this year.
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch.
Housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
John Caudwell bought Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London, for £155million in 2011.
He plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.
The complex will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
But it could face trouble getting planning permission as VIP neighbours may object to the building works.
The complex of affordable housing would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex in 2012.
But his neighbors are determined to leave the land untouched.
The complex would span 52 acres and cost around $200m.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt.
The scent of Perry was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades on one of LA's freeways.
Nicolas, 23, will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship in June.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri, South Wales, fell down stairs.
She was wheeled into church by her dad and sat down to say her vows.
But she broke her leg and fractured a bone in her foot four days before the wedding.
The family are postponing the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Kurt Cobain, John Lennon, Freddie Mercury and Eddie Van Halen all shine through.
The project was created by men's face product company West Coast Shaving.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, was thrown into path of car by four-inch deep pothole.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary after police said it was a hazard.
Coroner previously ruled that the condition of the road was 'the cause of the incident'
The decline of working class jobs is contributing to the erosion of the age-old whistle according to new research.
Whistling was once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace.
A YouGov poll commissioned by the newspaper confirmed that 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Bromwich Albion.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
He is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car proves a dud.
Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the team starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace.
The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model, which is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil.
The 42-year-old won the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
Carlos has worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Officials ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved.
Awel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident.
His partner and mother of the children, Akon Guode, was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
She told him she was feeling'very dizzy' before the accident and remembers her children crying out.
Police have retrieved the four-wheeler from Manor Lakes Boulevard in Wynd
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late.
The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
Qantas' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February.
Frustrated listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
They found that different wines match different pizza toppings - with Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
For Scotch eggs, a Fiano complimented the flavours well and for salt and vinegar crisps, a Shiraz Rose was found to be the best match.
Ulster confirmed the signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week.
The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast.
Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.
Daniel Weness, of LeRoy, Minnesota, reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn.
The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on Easter Sunday.
Police have no suspects.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine aggressiveness.
After surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have high or low risk of disease returning.
For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500.
Jimmy Anderson is on the brink of becoming England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week.
Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while.
England need him in Test cricket as long as possible.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players.
John Terry and Gary Cahill were joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic, Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side.
The England midfielder came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed.
He was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively.
Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for Arsenal at the Emirates.
Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show.
She is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
The Red Devils are without Rangi Chase, Weller Hauraki, Cory Paterson and Darrell Griffin through suspension.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at Augusta.
The 39-year-old drilled his club into a tree root on the follow through.
Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
She was killed and eight others, including five children, were injured in crash.
Witnesses said she was knocked down before careering head-on into bus.
BMW M3 sportscar then span sideways and pinned her against a wall.
Driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
He remains in police custody today and remains in custody.
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child.
The 26-year-old says being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles.
She has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy.
Rebecca is expecting a baby girl on June 4 and is planning a water birth.
Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto diverted to Shannon Airport.
Pensioner, 87, allegedly restrained by cabin crew until unplanned landing.
Irish police have advised the woman has since been released without charge.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship.
Reanne Evans will take on Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Jimmy White will tackle fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener.
Davis won six world titles in the 1980s and rolled back the years.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children.
But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering, she said.
Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes 'working mum guilt'
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
The incident took place in the hours after the Hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss.
Clarkson was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a plane and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire Justin Schmitt’s performance which involved a defeat to Geelong.
Former Collingwood and Brisbane coach Leigh Matthews has also come out in support of Clarkson.
Nina Anderson searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom.
Great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played on ITV.
Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Aircraft dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur.
It was then tracked by Malaysia’s military radar heading towards the Indian Ocean.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole.
For reasons that were never made clear to the jury, Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez’s home.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds.
60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless'
One in five admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013.
She had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family.
Mario Ambarita, 21, climbed into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
The plane took off from main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
His desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work'
He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing at Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Michael Vaughan criticised England's top order for just looking to survive.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur.
Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years.
She hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Emwazi hung out.
Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on London Boys.
He has also been linked to Adel Abdel Bari, another Egyptian-born jihadist.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012.
Manchester United and Chelsea have won more than their Merseyside rivals.
Party will launch billboard advert using famous 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’
It will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ‘NHS crisis’
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend.
Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12.
The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth.
First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage.
He has been stood down immediately and charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg complained during a press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton had acted'selfishly' in slowing down to such an extent that he could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari.
Hamilton finished second, a place ahead of Vettel.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans.
The Warriors built a 15-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife on September 7 last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.
She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
Button spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict.
Lewis Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg has now beaten his Mercedes team-mate only once in 11 races.
Pumpkin seed oil is thought to enhance your mood, renew skin and reduce menopause symptoms.
It can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair.
Studies have found pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food.
Gwyneth Paltrow loves to use the nutrient-rich seeds in her healthy recipes.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title after Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than Lee.
The Irishman admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown and standing count.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched hysterectomy.
Her husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
He claimed he suffered psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up.
NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Labour has predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar.
But, in each case, the opposite has happened.
Labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong on each occasion.
Refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament.
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance.
Fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival.
In the UK supporters can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency.
Arsenal dominate Twitter followers in Australia with pockets of support for Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United as well.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in Pakistan's tribal area of Bajur.
Pakistan hosts over 1.6 million registered Afghans, the largest and most populous in the world.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager.
The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012.
Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month.
Ed Miliband accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election.
But critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date.
Meanwhile it emerged that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across U.S.
Said staff bend rules to get their hands on passengers and conduct bag checks.
Comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver.
The staff canteen at Yeo Valley headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public.
It serves only organic and locally sourced produce to its 120 dairy workers.
Chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season for Manchester United.
The 34-year-old says he would like to try his hand at Formula One.
Carrick moved to London at 15, and says it forced him to grow up fast.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia executed her without notifying the country's officials or her family.
Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday night.
The Wales international injured his calf during Real's 3-1 win against Malaga at the weekend.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of Karim Benzema and Luka Modric.
David Cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over Labour.
Labour is on 32%, Ukip on 10%, Lib Dems on 8% and Greens on 5%.
ComRes poll reveals that with just two weeks to go, there is all to play for.
One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
Mary Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal.
The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Celtic beat Inverness 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk gave Parkhead the lead before all the incidents kicked off.
Josh Meekings was rightly sent off for fouling Marley Watkins.
Greg Tansey equalised from the spot for the Scottish champions.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Reading University researcher Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
But just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans.
Satine burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
Christian Benteke scored the opening goal of the game for Aston Villa.
The striker has scored six goals in eight games for the club.
Tim Sherwood has brought his fearless approach to blooding youth players with him to Villa Park.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
The facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.
The jump could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to carer Nermin Kancefer.
She moved in to his £615,000 flat in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey.
He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87, his family claimed.
But mother-of-one insists he had a change of heart after falling out with family.
Eden Hazard gave Chelsea the lead from the spot against Asmir Begovic.
Diego Costa pulled up with a hamstring injury just over ten minutes later.
Chelsea captain John Terry hailed Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Jose Mourinho expects Costa to be out for at least two weeks.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears.
It is thought to be caused when cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Whenever she draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs.
She uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according to the police report.
He turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured last year in Atmeh refugee camp.
She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living there since 2012.
But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south.
It is thought they headed towards the city of Idlib, which fell into hands of Al Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra.
This means they are now in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,000 since 2011.
Vivid Sydney starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
This year will feature the city's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors.
Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years.
She said she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7.
But took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with.
Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were spotted at Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, at 1:13 p.m. local time on Monday.
The former first lady, secretary of state, New York senator's net worth fell somewhere between $5 million and $25 million in 2012.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager of the restaurant told Bloomberg.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in road accident in East Sussex.
The 21-year-old was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.
His family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll was crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong.
His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
The Irish rugby legend has been working as an ambassador for HSBC.
SNP leader sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying on a TV debate that Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow.
Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink.
Within no time Luke was ready to show off his new hairdo at the Day of Pink rally at Forest Hills Collegiate Institute in Toronto.
Justin Rose finished second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings.
Rose will play alongside Rickie Fowler and Steve Stricker at TPC Louisiana.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways.
On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, Indiana.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
The connection between Messel and Wilson is unclear, police said.
Two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on giant cylinder-shaped rollers.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq.
He declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and family friends insist the will is invalid.
They say the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court fight at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
He was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when he was found.
Video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's Orangutan Rescue Centre in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
Carers at the rescue center say that 15-month-old Budi and Jem
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is planning to extend the pitch.
The Britannia Stadium pitch is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
QPR's Loftus Road and Tottenham's White Hart Lane are also small.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size of 105m x 68m.
Kate's real due date is today or tomorrow, according to one source.
This would tie in with comments made by the Duchess of Cambridge last month.
She said that her second child is due'mid to late April'
But Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points.
It was only the Rovers' second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of Jason Denayer on loan.
The 19-year-old defender has impressed while playing for Celtic.
Liverpool are interested in signing Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile.
The Italy international has struggled in Germany and is wanted by Liverpool.
Arsenal are also interested in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan.
Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat.
The memo said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
The original note has haunted Labour since it was first published in 2010.
Stephen Hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures.
The 55-year-old had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk.
He was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out.
Church will now be without a choir for the first time in 200 years.
Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda.
They will also often run across roads, while dominant males wait.
First time chimps have been seen to change behaviour to adapt to busy roads.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie.
Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the lead and the eventual win.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Sam Allardyce's men are currently 10th in the table.
Click here for West Ham transfer news.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament to ‘try to build a majority’
But the SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
It brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by Arsenal duo Eduardo and Aaron Ramsey a few years ago.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in Sheffield.
Steve Davis was also knocked out as he slumped to a 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons.
Along with favorites from DreamWorksTV, Jim Henson TV, Mother Goose Club, Talking Tom and Friends and more, your kids can watch new series from YouTube channels they already like.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
But he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
He is accused of using computer programs to create'spoof
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north.
The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America to promote his cook book 'Dude Food'
Churchill admitted to Blake Lively that he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds.
The Sydney surfer was also on set to promote news song and a GMA producer was heard raving about Churchill saying he has 'nailed it'
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away.
Police believe 5ft 7in waitress was forced into the vehicle.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to be driving surge.
Vatican says incidents are a form of demonic possession by the Church.
In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year.
Cantona has defended his role in latest film, dubbed'soft porn'
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts.
Both centre-backs' current deals expire this summer.
Distin has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team.
Martinez says his club's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months.
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career.
The 34-year-old defender's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season.
Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against a rugged Chelsea defence.
InXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
The pair's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches.
Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing Ms
Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York City's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from Gracie Mansion will begin this month.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
In one image, the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit, with her arms thrown casually above her head.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
To date the toddler's Easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug.
While venues do let players as young as 18 in, majority of attendees are elderly.
Figures show 634 pensioners over 65 treated for substance abuse last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
The 31-year-old kicked a last-minute penalty to secure victory in Paris.
Bosch joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer.
The Ghana international is keen to join the Anfield club he supported as a boy.
Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Ayew's representatives have held talks with Roma.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have four players out injured ahead of the game.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out.
Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.
Robin van Persie has not started a game since February.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
It is sad to say that flying on a private jet, and on a commercial flight are polar opposite travelling experiences.
Seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, sat down for an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle.
She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual.
They got married just 10 months later at a Washington winery.
Letourneau was sentenced to six months in jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy
Jordan Spieth fired a second-round 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62.
Defending champion Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday.
Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life.
Amir Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Reports in America suggested television network Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and Algieri.
Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter while Miguel Cotto was another name ruled out.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Mohamed claims he would progress with Arsenal under Arsene Wenger.
Fekir scored Lyon's opener in the 3-1 win over Guingamp on Saturday.
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket.
The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps to date.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit.
He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party.
He was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house in Hertfordshire.
His neighbour, Margaret Brown, 67, said: 'I'm devastated. He was such a sweet guy'
Bookmakers Coral say Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Clarkson.
Former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary is 2-1 and British model Jodie Kidd is 5-2.
Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he struck and verbally abused one of the show's producers.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property.
The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17.
'They actually spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts,' said wounded veteran Nicholas Connole, who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq.
Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram.
Overall Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
The little girl is believed to be named Aliya.
Ikramulla was arrested in Mary 2014 in Portage, Wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop.
He is also said to have screamed out 'God is great' in Arabic.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in.
They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property.
Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social networks to establish that people are out of their homes before striking.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at Utah State Prison in Draper.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
The Grand National is the highlight of the racing year.
Sportsmail's Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory?
Will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man'
Pearson will try to end a goal-drought at the King Power Stadium.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Many in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions.
Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was'mortified and deeply upset' by the incident.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
The Spaniard has received fresh criticism of his waistline.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20.
This as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL.
Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft.
Just days into his training with the Browns however, the local press began calling him out on his partying, which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field.
Jeff Richmond, who is executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke exclusively to Daily Mail Online.
He described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Manchester United take on Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of City in the Premier League.
Robin van Persie could return to action after being declared fit.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney was the last player to score a winner for United at home to their rivals in 2011.
Ciara Campbell, 43, was an officer at Lancaster CID in Lancashire.
She is accused of prying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
A court heard she also spied on PC Swarfbrick's new girlfriend, Alice Coxhead, 50 times using the system.
Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup semi-final.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
Ribery is absent with an ankle injury while Robben is out until May with a stomach muscle tear.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Scientists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say that new diseases carry by modern humans may have led to the downfall.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA.
Some genes we inherited could have also improved our
Llallawavis scagliai would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing.
It was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina.
Scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich.
Jose Mourinho believes the next 700 games will see them supply more players for the English national team.
Mourinho believes the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Dominic Solanke will represent Chelsea and England for years to come.
Chelsea are on the verge of a domestic double after picking up the Capital One Cup in March.
Video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau.
The 9km long electrified track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively.
Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers.
Tom Moffatt, 27, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son.
Instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy'
But ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space to store bodies.
Bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the truck.
Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement.
Burton Hospitals Trust defended the use of the refrigerated lorry.
John Coyne, 56, ran Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
Victim, who is heterosexual, had been on a night out with friends after finishing work.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
Then one suspect returns. He checks the kitchen again before moving into the living.
That's when he stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he's being filmed.
Police said all three of the burglars were 17 to 20 years old
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The pair allegedly pestered the cabin crew for drinks and caused havoc in the cabin.
Richardson threw peanuts and a pound coin at staff, while Taylor continued to act in an aggressive manner.
He then refused a final written warning from cabin staff.
Scott and Mayo Shirley were travelling back to Washington DC from Orlando.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
Mrs Shirley had to go to work at the Food and Drug Administration next day.
Staff allegedly refused to clean and scrub down the affected area.
The family were given trash bags by the airline to put their luggage in.
United Airlines have offered them a $150 flight voucher and some'mileage points'
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire.
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
There are tours of the vast building and it's a good introduction to how the city ticks.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points over his Mercedes team-mate.
The Briton's performances are almost certainly the most complete of his startling career.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic.
They are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation.
Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks.
It is trapped in a hydrate structure below the sea floor.
Methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
The 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in Kimberley in 2011.
Ms Pitt said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours.
She also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 after a long battle with depression.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean said a friend found his body at his home.
He said attempts at resuscitation failed and his cause of death was hanging.
Mr Hardman's family said he was 'a huge personality who will be missed'
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
He has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
Heslip said: 'When I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging. I felt at home'
Arsenal host Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in the Premier League.
The Gunners currently hold a seven-point lead over Chelsea in the table.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place.
If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
New revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone.
The purported revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen on the hotshots last June accusing the state of negligence.
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers thought was a common caiman.
But suspicions were raised when the animal appeared larger than usual.
It has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
The episode in which the animal is killed on a remote island off Panama will be screened tonight.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films.
La Gazzetta dello Sport say the Italians have a plan to beat the holders.
Spain are looking towards an all-Spanish Champions League final between arch rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid.
Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
The British No 1 is due to tie the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday.
Amelie Mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby.
Murray has been planning to work with Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach.
Bjorkman is a former world No 1 doubles player.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis.
Couple, who live in house just north of commissary building, encounter only hired workers in town, which housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
He is engaged for the fourth time and still has a live profile on Plenty of Fish.
Holpin says he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs.
The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf.
Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool in 2005.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead on Thursday night in Bootle, Merseyside.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Police are now hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox in connection with the deaths.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build.
He speaks with a Liverpool accent and police are also looking for CCTV footage.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Madeline Luciano allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
She claims exercise was supposed to teach them they should be kinder to each other.
But 40-year-old has now launched court action against New York's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The study was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University in Pennsylvania.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
More people in Britain back fracking than are opposed to it, Greenpeace survey finds.
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.
35% disagreed with using the controversial technique, the survey found.
Greenpeace accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island allegedly strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
He is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal'
Inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'
Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere.
He initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra was found dead.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce.
The Masters 2015 is almost here and is the first major of the year.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose will tee off on Sunday.
The 2014 Masters will be held at Augusta National.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer.
It is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator, and a mask which illuminates when the 'beautification' was complete.
Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time.
That levelled the scores up at 1-1, but Adam's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table.
City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
The American Chemical Society has produced a video as part of its Reactions series.
It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.
Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid.
The key is to 'act fast and grab a bottle of the nearest high proof clear liquor'
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
'It's time. Two legends. One destiny. All roads end here,' the commentary says as anticipation builds ahead of the $300million (£200m) bout.
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective ‘home rule’ for England.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland.
If Wales votes in favour of Welsh Assembly having income tax powers like those being devolved to Holyrood in a proposed referendum, Welsh MPs would also be excluded.
Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison.
But now he may be moved to a low-security Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland.
Sutcliffe has expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from God'
Report is being compiled which will be heard next month.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday.
The 24-year-old admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him.
Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket.
The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people at a press day for the air show.
A friend of the dead pilot said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
The 25-year-old is a former Folkestone grammar school pupil who suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system.
Hemphrey made his Kent debut at 15 and as a youngster for Notts under 11s where he scored his first hundred.
Anonymous benefactor posted plain brown envelope to Bath Abbey.
Donated £1.5million to church's £20million restoration fund.
Money will be used to repair collapsing floor, fit heating and expand building.
Church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding.
But only if they can raise additional £7.1million themselves by end of year.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
Parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
He was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
It was the second time in a week the team had to use the hovercraft to rescue a youngster.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, claimed in a prison interview on Wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother.
Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year old Ron Lane.
Lane was gay, and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt.
Had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Gomis tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index after another thrilling installment of Premier League action.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during game of hide-and-seek.
Father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning myself and everyone around me'
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former Leicester West MP waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘beggars belief’
Adam Barker, 47, will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties.
He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
LHC is the world's largest atom-smashing machine.
It was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson.
But scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
They are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16.
The Liverpool manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players.
Rodgers made 120 appearances for Liverpool at the tender age of 20.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach.
The bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
However, the bobcat might have been scared by his presence.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship.
The Ukrainian club are offering their players luxury houses near the sea in exchange for wages.
Club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City.
The Argentine scored his 100th goal in the 89th minute against QPR.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets for City.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
'Oh, I’ve got to go. The pigs are here,' she told her phone pal, according to Payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
Chelsea now shares leadership of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to questions about Payne's recollection.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button, and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
The annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing has hit $12 million.
Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future.
He said he was alerted to the issue when consulting with workers in the field.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
Prior will lead his own team in the race for the first time.
The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course.
He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers in his dorm room.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia.
The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital.
Witnesses said the shark swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was taken to Port Lincoln hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide on Saturday.
Friends have begun to send their love and support to Chris and his family on social media.
Fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Premier League clash against Liverpool.
Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
Protesters hope the image of empty seats around the ground will raise awareness of the struggles fans face to meet the rising costs of following their clubs.
A fundraising page has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson Alistair was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a $250,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather.
The pair agree to put the money where their mouth is in Las Vegas.
Boxing duo Mayweather and Pacquiao are expected to fight for $300million.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity.
The former England rugby captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth.
Moody and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the New York Post.
The couple was rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition.
Copeland, who is from New Jersey, was
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
He was the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas.
Australia beat New Zealand in the World Cup final on Sunday.
Brad Haddin and James Faulkner were both sent off in the final.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann defended his players.
Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill's face after his dismissal.
Andrew Danziger flew President Obama's campaign plane in 1989.
He said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between Kansas and Iowa.
The aircraft captain said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
The aviator said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out.
The single mother of two admits proffering a bus pass in the early hours can be a bit embarrassing.
She says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and false teeth.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the second goal from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Two security guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The men tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold.
Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal.
They are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case.
Dietmar Hamann believes Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich.
The World Cup winner was an unused substitute in Tuesday's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto.
Hamann also doubts whether injured winger Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side when fit.
Dr Teresa Belton says simple things such as inviting a lonely person out to tea are all free.
She believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
Simple acts such as straightening posture and joining a community choir can increase happiness levels over time.
Belton says it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated for alleged misconduct.
Chanel, 19, is a freelance model in California.
She claims to have covered her body in animal blood to stay young.
Her family are skeptical of the benefits, but she claims to be a vegetarian.
Chanel says she has no desire to do it again.
Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed her partner, James Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead'
Michael Usher reveals Silva walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people'
Silva was convicted of manslaughter last month, free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes.
'I don't know if there will ever be a neat ending,' Usher said.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury suggested she had been drinking heavily on the night.
But her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a club.
Cadbury said: 'It's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such.
vulnerable positions'
Women's rights campaigners have branded his comments 'insensitive'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The 24-year-old will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut ties.
Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Harry Kane will play for the U21s at the European Championships.
The Tottenham striker made his England debut against Italy last week.
Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to play.
Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen'
Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old.
Fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency.
The forward is represented by former Portugal international Deco.
Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced, including a bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
DNA samples led them to his mother, who has not been named.
The woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped.
She explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington.
The Anfield boss was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof.
But the house was left to rot because he did not receive a summons.
Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 at the Emirates to win the Premier League title.
Jose Mourinho's side have proved that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Reading were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp.
Reading boss Steve Clarke is confident Federici will bounce back.
The Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous.
It is dotted with pretty villas and sleek beach huts, with stars such as Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and Shakira among those staying there.
Colonia del Sacramento is perhaps Uruguay's prettiest town, with cobbled streets and crumbling buildings.
Rules laid down by Transport for London (TfL) mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Those from outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country.
Jay Rutland, 34, married Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in July 2013.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in just £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives with wife and daughter Sophia, one, in £45m house.
Couple are said to own £300,000 Ferrari, £123,000 Bentley GT Continental.
Figures show one in 30 pupils who sat exams ended up with at least ten A grades.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012.
But critics say high-fliers mean not enough has been done.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out.
Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout.
The scheduled 12-round fight in North Texas came a week before Crawford is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the Boxing Writers Association of America.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit Cuba.
He is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.
John Hughes says he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves.
The Caley Thistle boss says his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last Sunday.
Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round.
Woods recorded a relatively respectable score.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
The 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
Bell said thoughts of losing his place in 2009 were a motivating factor.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal.
PSG will face Auxerre in the French Cup final on May 30.
England were embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year.
Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions.
Hales and Chris Woakes both called for some rethinking of the domestic structure.
Ashley Young is the resident DJ at Manchester United.
But he admitted to being under strict orders from Louis van Gaal to play only house.
Young is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly Murs.
Murs asked whether or not his mainstream tunes are played in the changing room.
Adam Johnson, 27, charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
Former Middlesbrough winger faces lengthy jail term if convicted.
He is due to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
Johnson is the father of a three-month-old daughter and has represented England 12 times.
Author Peter Schweizer claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation.
The claims are laid out in Clinton Cash, due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
Clinton Cash lists examples of the pattern including a free trade agreement in Colombia that benefited a donor with industrial interests there.
Carrie Reichert, 43, claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry.
She claims she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards.
The dominatrix has now written a book about the night in Las Vegas.
In the Eye of the Royal Story, she describes how 'adorably cute his naked a** was'
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages.
Labour leader said a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra.
It's the one year anniversary of Kimye and Kim Kardashian is festively dressed up in an all off-white Narcisco Rodriguez Fall 2015 outfit.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are eight points behind Liverpool in the Premier League.
United face Manchester City in the derby on Sunday.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade around the middle.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through.
Nicky Buckley, 49, has written a new memoir about her nine month pregnancy.
She says she was attacked for showing her bump on TV.
Bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family.
'I was told I jammed fax machines at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively,' she says.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home on Tuesday.
He was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's home.
Animal rescue workers tried to get him to move, but he was gone.
On Tuesday morning, they conducted a thorough search of the area.
Luckily for them, he had moved away and was heading back to Griffith Park.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington.
He claims he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin.
Vandals sprayed a misspelled message on the right hand side of his car.
On the other side read: 'Sue cheif [sic] and pay'
Pickens has now filed a suit demanding $5million from the town.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyers said mental illness drove the then 25-year-old to shoot the President in an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster.
He has been allowed freedom in stages and spends 17 days a month at his mother's Virginia home.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal 3-0 ahead.
Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
Roma have been punished for displaying an offensive banner.
The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died last year.
Roma's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be closed for their match with Atalanta.
Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during clashes.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Erica Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork.
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers.
They have posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites.
Pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times.
Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner with over 1,100 votes.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Once the cord is attached, the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county.
He became annoyed with a dog owned by his neighbour Tang Chao, 40.
Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP is at the mercy of SNP.
Says it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if Scottish nationalists hold balance of power.
Comes after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's budget'
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
The Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely'
His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have gone through since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
This has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
But his recovery has been quicker than expected and he will rejoin the squad for training next week.
Jose Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy could return against Manchester United.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
She pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-1 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike to win the game for the Saints.
Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead with a neat finish.
Matt Targett turned the ball into his own net to level the game.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Lyth hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132.
Yorkshire beat the MCC by nine wickets in the first Test in Antigua.
Arsene Wenger says he will have a heart-to-heart chat with Theo Walcott.
Theo Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Walcott has struggled for game time since returning from long-term lay-off due to a serious knee injury.
Wenger believes there are flaws in Greg Dyke’s proposal to increase the number of required homegrown players in Premier League squads to 12.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart on Tuesday.
World No 6 Ivanovic lost for the third time this year to Garcia.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey on Sunday.
The England international reacted angrily to a challenge by the Gunners defender.
Scott was shown a straight red card as City fell to a 1-0 reverse.
City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character'
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her assets while away.
Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the tender age of 17.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision.
Tiger Woods was ready to play some golf at Augusta National.
The former world No 1 hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
Woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm, right there, but he reset it.
He did not manage to challenge runaway winner Jordan Spieth.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0.
The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Alex Neil's side maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The singer crashed her birthday party in between shows over the weekend.
Ms Knight said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as 'humble and down to earth'
Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray.
'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said.
Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Coast Guard crew members who retrieved him said they were surprised by his fit appearance and overall health.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors made an emotional statement.
They were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, denies four counts of sexual assault.
Accused of inappropriately touching nurses while working at Wirral's Arrowe Park Hospital.
Nurse A said he smacked her on the bottom and said 'you bad girl'
Manohar denied touching her inappropriately and said his office door had been open.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Earlier this year he sold a £20million townhouse to a company owned by himself.
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon.
He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious.
An inquest will be held in due course into his death.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has spent much of the season on the bench.
The 26-year-old has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates.
Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Barclays Premier League games.
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media.
In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, she has placed a shot glass over her mouth and sucked in until the vacuum of air causes her lips to swell.
The bizarre result is said to be painful and last hours.
Despite being quite alarmed, Violeta wonders whether she could get the same effect to plump up her butt.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Londis shop in Cleveleys.
Pair pulled out'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in family's faces.
They demanded cash from till, but brave parents refused to hand it over.
When they refused, Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed.
Munro jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
The Royals have struggled in the Championship this campaign.
Arsenal are the in-form side in the Premier League.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
MacDonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market.
The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan.
Each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
The hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer’s Den & Poetry Garden, which serves literary-themed cocktails.
Leicester City beat Manchester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to make it 5-1 on aggregate.
City will face Chelsea in the first leg on April 20 before travelling to Stamford Bridge on April 27.
Arsenal have won 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall'
Nacho Monreal chose David Guetta's 'Dangerous' and Santi Cazorla chose Melendi's slow track.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list.
Colombian goalkeeper David Ospina selected a rap song from his home country.
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish.
But was the achievement just a hoax?
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake.
He then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side.
Queen Margrethe, 75, was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties.
Margrethe's second son Joachim, 45, his French wife Princess Marie, his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, Henrik, five, Athena, three.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow were sanctioned for displaying a racist banner.
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol'
The club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against sanctions rejected.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other on Saturday.
The Ukrainian was happy to travel to America to face an American.
Klitschko is mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
Adam Peaty breaks the men's 100m breast stroke world record.
His time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off and is thrilled with the win.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast.
It was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from Leavenworth military prison in Kansas.
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
She was convicted in 2013 for leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer.
The company has warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1.
Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email.
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer.
The full back has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury.
Flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold in 2013.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.
It was his sixth goal in eight matches for United since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves, they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries.
Netflix, which has 2,000 employees, comes in second.
Some of the world's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with.
From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps.
The 'conjure chest' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave.
Bruno Amadio’s portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United.
The Germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea on Wednesday of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan.
Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions this week about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao take on each other in Las Vegas.
Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in if they weigh no more than 10st 7lbs.
The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
Wladimir Klitschko is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Hillary Clinton flew from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.
The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats.
Clinton's motorcade zipped along wet New Hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time.
Less than 24 hours earlier, her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain
Stuart Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs in the series.
Broad says that he and Jimmy Anderson are best mates and admits he has guided him through his career.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park.
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for a jog.
She wore a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers.
New Balance will contribute 5% of the retail price of sales.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital.
The girls came up with the idea after spending three Easters in a row by Harvey's side at the hospital where they were all lucky enough to receive Easter Eggs.
Huddersfield were held to a goalless draw at Brighton.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Dane Tilse will move from Canberra Raiders to Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off.
The world no 1 had a 70-7 lead in winners but struggled to dictate play.
Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman's Southampton.
The result had Koeman acknowledging that the Saints’ unlikely march to the top four was over.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1.
Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a win at Burnley.
West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
The highway cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
Avis, a car rental company who collated the data, found the A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District to be Britain's best road.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Miliband has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet back the teen behind it, saying 'Hi Abby - Delighted that you've joined Labour - welcome'
While Abby
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season.
The 21-year-old has also attracted interest from Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid.
Juventus have reportedly offered £23million for the striker.
Dybala admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd.
The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts after the ship was scuttled.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home.
Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway.
She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next day.
Both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered.
Mother Margaret Weedon described the murder 40 years ago as a 'true life sentence'
She said: 'We are left 40 years on always wondering what it would have been like'
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu.
The Spanish keeper has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons.
De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
But Casillas claims he is willing to fight for the jersey he broke into the team as a 16-year-old.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
The violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally, when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester's shirt and the other raised to punch the man.
Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.
The menu recommends a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush, beetroot, pickled turnips, coleslaw, garlic parsley and tahini.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties.
He encouraged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, Old Bailey told.
But Thomas failed to grasp that 'cake' was a codeword for 'bomb'
He then used his friend to help assemble parts for a pipe bomb, jury told.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
They set a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre.
The panda lasts longer than the average American man in bed.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
The land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition.
They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours.
Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in.
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi.
The boy fell from the fourth floor of the building while sleepwalking.
Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has revealed the mouth guard he will use.
Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 friendly win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The tiny island off the west coast of Africa is a haven for tourism.
It is a picturesque island with a population of just 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes.
Manchester United winger Nani is from Cape Verde and could have played for them instead of Portugal.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head.
Robson had been drinking at the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear.
Mr Potts was trying to calm matters down when he was struck by the punch.
He was jailed for three and a half years at Newcastle Crown Court.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
The car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris, flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen.
Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30, and leaving 500 injured.
President Barack Obama arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis from Port Pirie has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour.
The 38-year-old was caught by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
England face Italy in their first Euro 2016 qualifier on Tuesday night.
Roy Hodgson's side may be well on course to seal their spot at the finals.
Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups.
Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below.
Money Man vs PacMan will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Jack Johnson was the bane of the white supremacists in America in the early 1900s.
White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title.
After a frenzied campaign, Jeffries agreed to take the fight for what would equal £3m.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1.
The 19-year-old has not even been named in the matchday squad.
Gallagher says he hopes Ronald Koeman caught his eye.
Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am on Sunday.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was booked and charged with public urination and public intoxication.
Pippen was arrested on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a challenge.
The world No 1 is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters.
McIlroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving in Dummerston, Vermont.
She ran off Route 5 and crashed her Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
When officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Labour leader says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
Claims Tory cuts have allowed rapists and violent criminals to go free.
But launch of Labour's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed.
Comes after chaotic launch of plan to abolish non-dom tax status for foreigners.
Labour claims police are'struggling to keep up' with rise in child sexual exploitation, terrorism and online crime.
Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties, the U.S. Census Bureau has revealed.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings.
In 2012, that number was 94.9%.
For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year.
The 2012 figure was 46.5 percent.
Ludogorets defender Cosmin Moti made one of the worst tackles this season.
The defender connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage.
But the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA Sofia.
Moti saved two penalties during a Champions League play-off in August.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback.
The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
Femail rounds up the worst offenders.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different fillings.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel.
Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy Milk Whole Nut and Dairy Milk Oreo.
But don't get too excited as there are only 50 on offer.
Floyd Mayweather's chef reveals he loves his snacks on'snack day'
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends £220.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart.
The Temecula, California woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection.
Her family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes.
The Manchester United midfielder has taken part in one of Manchester United Foundation's Dream Days.
Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from Athletic Bilbao last summer.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson slam SNP plans to prop up Labour.
London Mayor claims it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up M1'
SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament.
But is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station was a backdrop for Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy.
It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists.
Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24.
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23.
A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years.
The bus became a celebrity, starring alongside Melvyn Bragg in 20-part BBC2 series 'The Reel History of Britain'
But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus.
It's now listed on eBay for £120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for.
Prime Minister will appeal to small firms and the self-employed.
He said while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
He said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
But so far, they had not encountered visitors from space.
Documents released by Edward Snowden allege Britain was spying on Argentina.
Claims include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government.
Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
The South American state still claims territorial rights to the islands, which they refer to as 'Malvinas'
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog in August last year that was called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body'
The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the
Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
The pint-sized player scored a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher in a bathroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
She was sentenced to probation after Tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head, arm and ear in 2011.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed.
The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
There are at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy - and Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack.
We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs, entranced; the couple then dance around.
Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button have been taking advantage of Formula One break.
Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Button is training for the London Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata.
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making stir-fried dishes.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
Ms Zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a personal friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
But the 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year.
Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags.
But it's a somewhat cut and thrust job.
As the suitcases whizz round on the belt, out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Rangi Chase was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
The Salford half-back could face a four to eight-match ban.
Chase will be joined by Weller Hauraki, Danny Tickle and Mitch Allgood.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
The Portuguese star has not been at his best this season.
Ronaldo is urging his fans to exercise and get fit.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
After 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name.
The case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor.
But Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool had no others to give the 27-year-old.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
The teacher has worked in the school district since August last year.
Matt Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City.
It ended up in the ends of Li Hongjun in southeastern China.
He received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures.
The images ended up on Matt's iCloud because the phone had not been erased properly.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession.
She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and negative impact.
Also worried about her appearance and was also worried about appearance.
Had first told parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life - which is how she ultimately died.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Swansea City are interested in signing Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Gestede has scored 20 goals this season and is rated at £7million.
Club scouts have checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic at Anderlecht and Obbi Oulare from Club Brugge.
Leicester City left-back Jeffrey Schlupp is also on Swans' wish-list.
Stuart Dallas scored two goals as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months at Northampton and has returned.
Brentford face Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Sean Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since taking over at Turf Moor in October 2012.
Dyche made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season.
Burnley are next in action on Sunday when they host Tottenham.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school.
The classes are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master.
Headmaster said he wanted to tackle the issue of obesity to stop the children developing health problems in later life, and becoming socially isolated.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
Robert has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
The former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December.
He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
Mr Carlisle appeared on Good Morning Britain this week and revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12.
Joe Hart has been lamenting City's fall from grace this season.
The England goalkeeper has had 'a lot of honest conversations' with team-mates.
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire.
He is thought to be the biggest ever lamb born in the UK at 25lbs.
Despite his size, his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars.
But when Trent died last month, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral.
Hatch was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory.
Gregory claims that Hatch broke his wife's heart by denying her credit.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham.
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'
Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at Portman Road.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Bournemouth are unbeaten in seven, but no-one is able to get a grip at the top.
Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail.
Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms'
The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far.
It has pulled in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and 6.1 million for last night's finale.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives.
David Edwards scored a late winner to give Wolves a fourth successive victory.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for Wolves in the first half.
Alex Mowatt put Leeds back on level terms in the second half.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
The court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review.
They intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Manuel Pellegrini admits he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season.
City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed.
Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Former Barcelona defender Eric Abidal believes the current crop are on their way.
Abidal was part of Pep Guardiola's brilliant Barcelona team that won six trophies in 2009.
Barcelona face Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
Ofqual found one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework.
Details of unethical techniques emerged at a Teacher Ethics In Assessment symposium at Oxford University.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making the purchase in their mother's BMW.
Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez, 19, was wounded in the arm.
A second man was reportedly with Jean when he went to rob the drug dealers, though his identity is not known at
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
Orden Williams Jr. was sucker punched and attacked, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens.
He rushed to his car as the attack began, but almost lost it when the teenagers almost his child.
Joe Brittman, 19, has been charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was found hanged inside his Coconut Grove home on Easter Sunday morning.
His psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Dr. Hupert to stay with him to monitor him.
She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions.
Brandt's suicide comes after claims that the 'Baron of Botox' killed himself after a 'bullying' TV series aired on Netflix.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday.
Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
It was just announced the Seahawks will play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song.
After frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated.
Leonard, 46, appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters.
Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in South Carolina.
Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles.
Courses, such as TPC Sawgrass, also affect how your shots are played.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride.
They're joined by country music enthusiasts, history buffs and locals with a hankering for 'The Dukes of Hazzard'
Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
Research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to backdrop of Beatles.
High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise autumnal flavour of pumpkin pudding.
The so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine, helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more if served alongside the right music.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
The single mom told ABC7: 'He's at risk for HIV, Hepatitis C, Herpes, Gonorrhea, Chlamydia'
Mark Carney was spotted on a day off from running in Hyde Park.
He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt with no fewer than four water bottles.
The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Kintec, a Canadian sports retailer based in Vancouver.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room of home.
Thugs began pelting front window with stones in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
Mr Young confronted them about throwing stones at property last Friday.
He was hit in the face with a brick but doctors could not save his left eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Marin Cilic was eliminated in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
The fourth seed lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic.
Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal.
Estrella broke Cilic four times on the outdoor red clay.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen.
Menendez helped Melgen get visas for married Melgen's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to Florida to live in one of his homes.
Melgen is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture images of the landmarks.
He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the river.
The images are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Prout's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much.
The Milan-born designer has made a name for himself putting A-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations.
But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular.
The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
Wall Street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget.
Footballer Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
Anti-drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Sterling's boyhood coach Paul Lawrence said: 'He has got to be a lot more careful with what he is doing out in public'
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
The £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf.
All profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM, a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiatives.
Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season.
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco on Tuesday in their quarter-final first leg.
The Italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio in Serie A.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb.
Just as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework.
It is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS launching bungled attacks in Iraq.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old hopes to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Phillips failed to defend his title last year, but is determined to take it back this July in Belgium.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
She has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission.
The tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records.
Some patients receiving these medications had a history of abusing such substances.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.
Briony Ingerson posted the image from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago.
She wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!'
The photo has sparked outrage, with members of the public taking to social media to condemn her 'ignorant' actions.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station Miramar.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
In the latest Barclays video they spoke to a young boy growing up in the Ivory Coast called Zebeto.
Kim Kardashian, her husband Kanye West, their daughter North and Kim's sister Khloe arrived in Armenia on Wednesday.
The visit is their first to the country their late father, Robert Kardashian, fled for America and both Kim and Khloe have expressed their excitement at the chance to explore his homeland.
Kardashian-West crew are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Lane's mother, Donna Lane, wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea.
Sergio Aguero is among the best individual performances of the season.
Truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.
The dramatic collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country'
Chinese internet users however take great interests in the unusual collision.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card in Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Real are appealing the yellow card for their star forward.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
A bid by the league board was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old Scot was on the losing side in the 2007 Walker Cup.
McIlroy has tipped Neil to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League.
They have faced criticism for surrounding referees this season.
Jose Mourinho's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, according to the figures.
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle.
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
They didn't manage a shot on target until they were two goals behind.
David Meyler's red card left Hull in a difficult position.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore.
She said: 'So I am watching the news in Baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks, etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults... 15 in the hospital already'
At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit.
The British sprinter says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment.
Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
Allegedly went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks.
He is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes at Southwark Crown Court.
Cousin of alleged victim says she called sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Luis Suarez was booked for a foul on Andres Iniesta in the first half.
Barcelona took a 4-1 aggregate lead at the Nou Camp.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note.
The letter praised his patient for'sensibly staying home from work'
It has been shared thousands of times on Reddit and has 4,340 comments.
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week.
The world No 1 is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings.
McIlroy grew up watching Woods and is now on his way to emulate him.
United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather.
The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours.
Passengers were finally taken to their destination by bus.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
England captain is part of three of them.
Their opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for the series.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness.
But she insisted on having a series of operations, including the removal of her appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness.
Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket.
But Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
The decision was overturned by the umpire.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Burnley have scored just one goal in their last seven matches.
Sean Dyche insists it's unfair to pin the club's survival hopes on one man.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday.
A Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.
The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.
She says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person'
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while working as a teacher at Mendham High School.
A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper' 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough has applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program in hopes of having the charges against her dropped.
The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met.
If she meets all the conditions and successfully
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine.
Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed by firing squad.
They were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal.
Sandiford says Chan helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty.
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded: 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said Gianni Van, now 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault.
Van is now charged with the murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road in 1995.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend.
The arts and music extravaganza in the Californian desert are known for their outlandish looks.
But even among the acres of exposed flesh, lame pieces, mesh maxi dresses, skintight patterned leggings and leotards, a few stars' dubious style still stood out.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down.
It caused the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury, and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants to introduce DNA testing.
It wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek.
The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets.
Labels are believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's.
Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area'
He shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.
The father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible.
McGill was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began.
The 24-year-old will be careful not to let his mind drift beyond a last-eight clash with Murphy or Joe Perry.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate, Manchester.
She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for her daughter Dennon, 10.
But staff accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it.
Ms Dodds said: 'How dare they blame it on me. It makes me out to be a bad mother'
Amanda Lamb stars in new Air Wick fragrance campaign.
The 42-year-old TV presenter says simple touches can enhance a home.
Says one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with fragrance.
Chris O'Dowd lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his son was frisked.
The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff, who also threw out the child's bottle.
He posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account, which has 630,000 followers.
It came a day after he and his wife, Dawn, attended an event in London.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980.
More than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in California history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row and kept pressure on Chelsea.
Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their winning streak.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on'
The tourists could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed.
Jason Holder's unbeaten 103 earned the hosts 350 for seven.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest.
She appeared in the Women's U.S. Open when she was just 12.
At the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in a major tournament.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
Kecil the orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace in Ohio 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth.
Maggie, 53, has been raising Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
The one-year-old ape will go on display for the first time this weekend in two hours slots between 10am and midday.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects.
Maj-Gen Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode four months ago.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
The 31-year-old missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament.
Alan Pardew believes the Cumbrian forward is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading.
Smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17.
The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire.
But less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as
QPR manager Chris Ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York.
The blog aims to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry.
Many of the subjects featured on the blog talk on subjects that many women in the industry will have had to deal with.
Steven Thompson accidentally speared John McGinn with a pole.
McGinn will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg.
The St Mirren striker scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle in Salfords, Surrey.
He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit loophole that prevents enforcement action against structure if no objections have been made for at least four years.
But local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home.
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
She is charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy, from Southampton, died from his injuries on August 25.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano.
The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates.
It claims the offending child is 'gorgeous' and they 'love her'
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired' as she is 'feeling more loved and supported than ever'
Detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon.
The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine.
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
The 34-year-old will face Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
Richie Benaud died from skin cancer at the age of 84.
Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series.
David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at Augusta.
Spieth was presented with a set of plastic clubs by last year's champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval - tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
Shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting.
Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp.
But he pretended that he also wanted to break up with her.
She texted him: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy'
Shocked, he replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady, who Christie famously told to'sit down and shut up' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm Sandy funds.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
Boyd has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen.
The journey from Turf Moor to Selhurst would usually take 69 hours.
Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game.
Rurik Jutting, 30, is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women.
The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if convicted.
Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead.
Jutting is being held at Hong Kong's maximum security Siu Lam psychiatric prison.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader was seen smiling on the top at sunrise.
He then visited troops at the mountain's base, where he greeted them.
This is just the latest of the dictator's publicity stunts published in state media.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly set up a fight between her daughter and a 14-year-old girl in New Port Richey, Florida.
She allegedly drove her daughter to meet the girl and encouraged them to brawl.
Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jahah Khan have pleaded guilty to terror offences.
The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street.
They each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey cardigan.
Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Aristocrat Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein is 27 years younger than the former Spanish king.
Claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources.
Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of his son, Felipe, in 2014.
He married former Queen Sofia in 1962 and became king in 1975.
Haute Montagne's Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for après cocktails.
It also created a £2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet for a romantic guest.
One customer requested a bouquet larger than Kate Middleton's.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 after CPS dropped prosecution against him.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs have accused director of CPS of ignoring rights of victims.
The Crown Princess was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
Mary, 43, wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons, embellished with a brooch.
She placed a wreath at a war memorial and attended a service.
Jaye Cox and her husband, Matthew, delivered their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
The Cox's contacted Angel Gowns, a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found Monday.
Authorities say he strangled his wife, Christine, 37, and the children, Celeste, 2, and Timothy, 8, to death with a USB cord.
He is also charged with child abuse.
The couple had been married for 16 years and their two children were set to celebrate birthdays in the coming two weeks.
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
A study revealed that a sense of privacy boosts performance, and Brody WorkLounge strives to provide workers with limited visual distractions.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva missed all three trips to Wembley in 2012 with a knee injury.
The Brazil international is hoping to play his first game at Wembley.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final on April 19.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
Bernard simply stated that it's been an 'honor' to serve the Obamas and lauded the first lady for welcoming 'every guest to the White House with her signature warmth, grace and style'
Coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth.
He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby.
Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slide into the estuary.
Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected.
He is a keen military historian and expert on medieval longbow.
One of the most unusual items is a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt.
The piece was commissioned by artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s.
Jerry Tarkanian, 5, suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital.
His parents said he complained of pain in his legs and was given a CT scan and other tests and is moving around better since the stroke.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012.
Costa is believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse.
The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's unstable mindset at time of the attack can be proven.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
She switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Student demonstrators who walked on an American flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement, prompting a south Georgia university to cancel classes Friday.
Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart.
Manhart, 38, was detained by police when she refused to return the flag.
She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting'
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
The property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country.
Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property is set over 2,542sq ft.
It has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite.
British tennis fans face a scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France.
But well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, says she was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She claims she was taken because she refused to pay a £70 fine.
Police insist she was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The beach is popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car.
He has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard and is refusing to pay the fine.
Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a town of about 500 on New Zealand's west coast, in March 2013.
He and his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children left with their three young children.
The family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
After their departure, the family watched a scene from the film where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the 'wicked' outside world.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Kimmel, who has used the alias “Mike Bicycle,” is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her.
He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal.
Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
But he was convicted by magistrates after further evidence was presented in a case brought by the RSPCA at trial earlier in the year.
England captain Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit Bayern Munich in the fall-out of their Champions League defeat by Porto.
The 72-year-old claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night's 3-1 first-leg defeat in Portugal.
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson will now be African-American.
This just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election.
It was the first municipal election in Ferguson since officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, on Aug. 9.
Michael Owen sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show.
The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport.
The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for their flight to Lanzarote.
Security officers were described as 'over-zealous' by the boy's father.
They demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down.
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties.
33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive' on the subject of the economy.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on The Voice.
He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight.
The Redemptorist Missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16.
Bus broke down en route to Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent.
Driver forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Seven proactive members of public and bus company workers teamed up.
They managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru.
It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below.
Villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors.
Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad.
Dieters must limit eating the designated unhealthy foods, eating less than one tablespoon of butter a day and eating cheese, fried or fast food to less than once a week.
For those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent.
Nelson Felippe took a photo of a scene on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro.
In the image, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes.
The viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant.
Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man's footsteps.
Charles and Camilla are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland.
They were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if they fail to sign Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Roberto Mancini is keen on the Manchester City duo.
Leiva and Song are currently on loan at West Ham United.
The war widows will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday.
Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday.
She's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled to the battlefields.
The group have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service.
Maria McErlane was travelling with her old mucker Doon Mackichan.
Their paths first crossed almost 30 years ago as rookies on the comedy circuit.
The Datai Hotel and Resort is in the north west of the island.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Juventus are unbeaten at home this season.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Liverpool are also monitoring James Milner and Danny Ings.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed.
When the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome, the same Google account must be signed into on the phone.
The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37,'stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, and their six-week-old baby and her daughter, four'
Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children.
But police now believe Perez friman, a Spanish national of Cuban descent, to be the culprit.
The family, who lived in Estepona, Spain, had arrived in Gibraltar on March 25.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern twice in the second round.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
The 37-year-old admitted he was not at his best.
The food chain unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans.
Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22.
Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Easter Sunday.
Lee McCulloch was sent off for fouling Osman Sow.
Stuart McCall says McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players.
McCall paid tribute to the 40,521 Rangers fans who made it to Ibrox.
David Howman, director general of WADA, said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
A few days later, after Armstrong recounted his upcoming schedule, Howman broke off the discussion.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Seamus Coleman was adjudged to have been fouled by Marvin Emnes.
Roberto Martinez felt Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
But Michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate and gave a penalty.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father is half Jamaican, while their mother is white.
This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin.
A house in Dungog, in NSW's Hunter Valley, was filmed on a smartphone.
Another house was filmed in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle.
Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto reached the last eight.
Jose Mourinho led Porto to glory in 2004 but later moved to Chelsea.
Lopetegui has assembled an exciting team, a squad based around technical ability and a high-pressing game.
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open.
The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals.
Aaron Hernandez is being held in maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley, Massachusetts.
He is equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations.
It can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia.
The former New England Patriots star was found guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Three-bedroom flat in Egerton Place, London, is on sale for £575,000.
The property has just three years left on the lease and costs £191,000 per year.
But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth £6 million.
It is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on lease.
Estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on the market.
England captain Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Joe Root is England's outstanding batsman and is 118 not out at stumps.
Root is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings.
Hillary Clinton's Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle.
Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.
Hillary and top aide Huma Abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle on Monday in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
But they were marooned on island for up to two weeks after ID was stolen.
Mother-of-four, 37, has Jamaican passport and does not have full UK passport.
Claims she has right documentation to prove she was allowed to return to UK.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid.
The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina.
Mahina, 37, from Byron Bay in New South Wales, created the flippers in the shape of a mer mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
After taking off Down Under, the merfin is now available to buy in the UK, with the country's sole stockist reporting brisk trade.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs.
They could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
The discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker said.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way'
Launching a rare attack from his official White House Twitter account, President
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
The hormone drug is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment.
Bafetimbi Gomis gave Swansea a 2-0 lead in the first half.
Gomis doubled the home side's lead shortly before half-time.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters.
World No 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th.
McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580.
James Houlder and his girlfriend Vicki Hood were on holiday in Egypt.
But within hours of arriving at the Sonesta Beach Resort, they became violently ill.
James, 30, has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)
He says he sometimes needs the toilet several times an hour.
First Choice has now launched a civil case against the travel company.
Tony Blair made a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend.
Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
Bizarrely, Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein, who won the first X Factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than Blair’s popularity.
A four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm.
Video shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Italy and Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift.
He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party said it was designed to 'catch them young' and 'feed them propaganda'
Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy.
Alec Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the role.
The Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval.
Stewart's fellow former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record.
The Lancashire seamer took four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday.
Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck in January.
He left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan.
But he claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Sloan said: 'I don't want it to get misconstrued that I told on this man'
FC Rostov defender Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after his side's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night.
The 23-year-old got down on one knee to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him.
With his team-mates watching on, the Russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.
Police allege she used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
In February, Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
Ms Edmunds went into hiding after revelations of her alleged fraud came to light
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool.
The Australian retail giant have refused to back down on their stance.
PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling the fur.
They revealed the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters financial data of 15,000 people.
Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached the rules on the sale of private data.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food.
In the study, 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours, before a 90-minute endurance workout.
After this, half were fed hot cakes, hash browns and orange juice, followed
Joe Root becomes second fastest Englishman to reach 2,000 Test runs.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker to reach the milestone.
England coach Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace will fly from Barbados to Dublin.
Andres Iniesta played a pivotal role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The Barcelona No 8 scored the opening goal in the second-leg at the Camp Nou.
Iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form this season.
Barcelona face Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday.
Chris Maguire scored a late penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday.
The Owls have had 15 penalties this season.
Eddie Howe was left 'heartbroken' by the result.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
It is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, which is the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone.
The drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Rangers captain Lee McCulloch was booed for an error against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they spent seven months renovating the home.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League and Blackburn in the FA Cup.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time.
Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The fight saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds on Ticketmaster last week.
Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Gladys Knight.
Knight is best known for singing hits such as 'Midnight Train To Georgia'
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman said to blame scandal on racism.
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism in East London borough.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
The two men – who are not related – are both members of the Tower Hamlets First party.
The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night.
Police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them.
The driver was granted bail in Beenleigh Magistrates Court on Monday.
Reading will play Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of the Championship club.
The 73-year-old is a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games.
Reading beat Bradford 3-0 in a quarter-final reply at the Madejski Stadium.
Fiona, 51, fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs.
The advisory body says that the threat of opening a '.sucks' site to the average consumer later is 'an essential element of Vox Populi's coercive scheme'
Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '.porn' and '.adult' domains attacking her.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars.
Customers who buy one of the products before the promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old actress, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks.
Gwyneth posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon, showcasing a range of healthy options.
Javier Hernandez scored a late goal to earn Real Madrid a Champions League win.
The on-loan striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez for the way in which he celebrated his winner.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31.
Hussein is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 in 2006.
He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home.
When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.
But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.
Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house in St. Louis.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
She collapsed in her home in December and died a few days later.
Vodafone said a 'glitch' in the system had allowed her to continue to 'top up' her credit.
Researchers from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.
Their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid.
The knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip is a 'wasted' vote.
Former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
On Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves, this time on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move.
It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
The unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting, unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake.
The wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the lake.
This area alone is home to dozens of shipwrecks, most which were grounded shipping lumber at the turn of the 20th century.
Brian Stow was left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011.
He was left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems.
The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months.
Two men jumped and punched him until he fell to the ground.
They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic.
Mr Stow has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He said they were 'touching each other all over' and 'kissing heavily'
But judge disagreed and ordered him to pay $10,000 in fines.
Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty.
Ben Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday.
The 28-year-old was sent off in October's Grand-Final at Old Trafford.
Flower was handed the second heaviest suspension in Super League history.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'
Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long enforced pre-season.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory.
Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity.
While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery.
Kristopher Hicks, 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath, Somerset.
He jumped out of a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago.
Mr Young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner'
Mr Hicks' family took Mr Young to the High Court, where a judge ruled he had unlawfully imprisoned his passenger.
The exact amount of compensation is yet to be decided but is set to be around 50 per cent of what the family had requested and thought to be 'hundreds of thousands of pounds'
Number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance fell by 20,700 in March.
UK's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent, a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago.
The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition.
Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski.
Bayern Munich's Robben is also out of action with an injury.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club.
North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face-off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices.
Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs.
Late last night, a ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
For 20 years the farmer would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years.
Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature, in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill the croc.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
The Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.
Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
The first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist on the pavement.
The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to her forehead.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who allegedly mowed down her.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, such is pressure to look their very best on social media.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today.
Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
Newcastle are just nine points above the relegation zone.
Carver has won just two games since taking over from Alan Pardew.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
But only around a quarter of the seals which can legally be culled are legally killed.
Scottish government says seals are better protected than ever before.
Twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a canal in Yuma, Arizona.
They are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday.
After a police search that lasted more than an hour, the brothers were pulled out.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
He was the ex-husband of Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia Kidman.
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, aged 16, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, 8.
His brother David described him as 'one of the fittest men I've ever met'
He said: 'He's swimming everyday, he's so fit, I don't understand'
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Reds legend Robbie Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to focus on Gerrard.
The 34-year-old will miss the FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Fowler believes Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
The former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Alloa Athletic.
Lennon took charge of the Under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann.
Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30pm.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries.
Her gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 followers.
The make-up expert's interest is informed by her unusual background growing up in a theatrical family.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The Bolton left-back was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad.
Tierney joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010.
Sharon Freundel gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.
In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom.
The 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February.
He is set to be sentenced in May.
Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th.
The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new phone than it did for the predecessor S5.
Samsung is counting on its new flagship phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Hollywood Reporter's 'Power Stylist for 2015' hit list features A-list Aussie stylists.
Elizabeth Stewart is a former fashion editor for Women’s Wear Daily and the New York Times.
Cristina Elrich is Naomi Watts' longtime stylist.
Elrich also styles Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Girls star Allison Williams.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
Evans faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying.
The 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles.
Liam Plunkett wants to lead England to victory in the Test series.
The 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint.
Plunkett could feature in a warm-up game for England on Monday.
The mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the rubbish.
PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in 28 years.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'
The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park.
Jose Mourinho insisted that going 10 years without winning the league - as Arsenal have - was more boring.
Drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories.
Frances Bean Cobain spoke to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide, which she describes as being 'abandoned in the most awful way possible'
She also revealed why she thought her father shot himself exactly 21 years ago today, aged just 27.
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out.
When we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince.
Research also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar.
Mrs Nicholson was declared bankrupt as tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband's wealth.
She managed to reclaim some of the money after lengthy legal battle, but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market.
The Light Dragoons are moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire.
The regiment will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town.
More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets to cheer on the departing troops.
Many of the children lining the route are from military families and are also preparing to move to Yorkshire.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig in New Jersey.
The 21-year-old is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
VanZant was declared the winner by lop-sided scores.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy a day after the crash.
They were later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. who had earlier been told they were dead.
Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi
Photographs were taken by East Germany's Stasi secret police during the 40 year existence of the East German state.
They were used as evidence in show trials against those caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house that featured as Leadbetters' home in 1970s TV series.
Great-grandmother-of-five has resided at home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
Comments come after PM promised he would help deliver 'greatest sunshine' of job, home, tax cuts and secure retirement.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Serie A leaders.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi scored in Barcelona's win over Valencia.
Paris Saint-Germain moved to the top of Ligue 1 by beating Nice.
Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put Watford into the lead.
Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the hosts.
Adlene Guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
They spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the former NSA whistle-blower who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
The activists hoisted the unsanctioned bust to the top of a Revolutionary War memorial and secured it with an adhesive material, adding his name to a column.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Mr Milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
David Templeton criticised former Rangers boss Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall.
Former Hearts star Templeton claimed McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.
McCoist has warned Lee McCulloch he could lose his place in the starting XI after being sent off against Hearts.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue' sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water'
A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he saw the snake.
He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members.
A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returns to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness.
The batsman has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions.
Dr Steve Peters says there is no magic cure for Trott's problems.
David Cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery during a campaign visit.
The Prime Minister was pictured eating it with a knife and fork in Poole, Dorset.
It seems likely he was trying to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband's attempt at eating a bacon sandwich last year.
The 'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded the 1929 vote the 'flapper election'
With less than four weeks until the ballot boxes open, politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible.
David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions, as he poses beside voters during his country-wide visits.
Azerbaijan will host the European Grand Prix next season.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone says the sport has conducted its due diligence.
Ecclestone is currently negotiating with promoters at Monza over a new contract.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds.
Portland Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song for his walk-out music.
Pacquiao's song translates to English as 'I Will Fight For The Fillipino'
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
The emotional reunion was caught on camera, with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon.
The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
While the author and recipient remain a mystery, the creation behind the message was Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers.
Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012.
The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality.
One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
The 21-year-old kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the US for its wars in Muslim countries.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them.
Their qualification for the Champions League could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over United.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
He was found on third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel near Rockefeller Center.
Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on business trip.
NYPD said they were treating his death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a Puerto Vallarta marina has been viewed more than half a million times online.
The video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
He said the dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner.
A man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
He was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
The man was escorted from the runway by a security guard.
It was the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels.
Scientists have been searching for an alternative source for years.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years.
He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days, one quicker than the previous record.
Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide.
The Husky was wearing a collar when he was picked up on Monday.
He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
Prakash is
The Paris-Roubaix cycle race riders breached a safety barrier.
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the train arrived at the Waller crossing.
SNCF have slammed the riders for an 'extremely grave an irresponsible action'
One rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down.
Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo.
The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season.
Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Dr Sarah Wollaston, the outgoing Tory chairman of the Commons health select committee, called for Mr Hornby to step down.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics.
He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the men's +100kg event.
Mr Keita claims his coaches told him he lost the fight 'like a baby'
He is now refusing to leave the UK because he cannot earn a living.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
Buffon has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
The Juventus goalkeeper has also played with Lionel Messi and Roberto Baggio.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
With a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes.
The hotel has become a symbol for extravagant luxury in the United Arab Emirates and a favourite of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months.
12 of the cases resulted in pilots requesting a priority landing.
One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call.
Figures have re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK.
Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent and Elizabeth and Victoria at 12 per cent.
The popularity of these names could have stemmed from prominent names of other royals, including the late Princess Diana and Queen Elizabeth II.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday.
He was named in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
Gittoes said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
U.N. reports at least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, appeared on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight.
The couple have been married for seven years.
Jaclyn tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too 'unattractive' for her.
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo.
Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998.
FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Dutch FA head Michael van Praag, and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against him.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far.
EasyJet has experienced a 19% rise in delays.
Trevor Vale has pleaded with Australians to attend an Anzac Day memorial service.
The Geelong man made the video while driving from Darwin to Melbourne.
His wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan.
Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife's service overseas.
He is on a mission to never let Australians forget their heritage.
A Royal Night Out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, is first cousin to the Queen and her best friend.
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren's names.
But it became infected and she was left with a gruesome black hole in her leg.
She had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week.
Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill.
She received a kidney March 26 thanks to his generosity.
On the day of Neyen's transplant, eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants.
Noelle Baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door.
The 61-year-old was partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
It is believed she collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication.
Pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs ate parts of her vital organs.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
When it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet.
Eitan immediately starts running toward his son, who had been in Afghanistan since November,
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich.
In fact, it was largely founded as a Nazi camp where the children in the German American Bund could learn about eugenics.
Today, Yaphank is still a town on Long Island.
Missing now are the homes with swastikas built into the brick work and hedges, pro-Hitler parades and, of course, the Nazi camp.
Cats and People cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo are on standby.
Pippa Middleton, 31, will be close at hand when the baby arrives.
Carole is expected to spend more time at Anmer Hall in Norfolk.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
Nasa's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on Mars by the 2030s.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000.
The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women.
Last year, the award went to The Washington Post and The Guardian for their coverage of National Security Agency documents leaked by Edward J. Snowden.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage visited hinge factory in Clacton, Essex.
He met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity, 62, who spoke no English.
Mr Farage insisted he did not want to send EU migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young Britons.
George and Amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
The couple's £10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool.
Cinemas are often situated in the basement of a dwelling because there is no need for natural light.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak.
He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim.
His work there meant he encountered rituals and traditions he'd never seen before.
One of the most striking images in the series is that of a rabbi dancing the'mitzvah tantz' at a wedding.
According to the Jewish holy Torah, it is prohibited to touch a woman to whom you are not married.
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
The Queen rode her filly Ring of Truth at Newbury today.
The 88-year-old appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers.
Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post.
She had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances.
Mike Ashley has bought a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School as part of the project.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club in the north east.
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values' for dropping out of a charity event for the Matt Hampson Foundation.
The event was named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop.
Wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning.
Former England fly half Goode slammed Wade on Twitter afterwards.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Findings suggest women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made.
Trott was making his first Test appearance for England in 18 months against the West Indies.
Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century.
West Indies will be disciplined for an hour but their third seamer is Jason Holder.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second.
The fight was quickly decided when Patrick Teixeira won with a second-round knockout of Patrick Allotey.
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
The Brazilian has been substituted or named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday.
The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and converted all three on a trip in Brazil.
Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next Tuesday.
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District Court in Boston they are not to attend this year's race or related events.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Police and WorkCover NSW are investigating the incident and a report will be prepared for the Coroner.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane.
The final opponent to the move, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished.
Spurs plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
Archway fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers.
From miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon.
Andy Jordan shot to fame as Ollie Proudlock on Made In Chelsea.
He has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries.
The reality TV star stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach.
Andy also co-owns a surf school in Devon, where he is an instructor.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts.
When he tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
In the video, he said in a thick Maine accent: 'You look at me. I am stuck in this cah'
Leslie Cooper, 36, will be charged over the suspected murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder him.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut.
Pilot was alerted to potential loss of cabin pressure on Wednesday.
Three passengers began to complain of dizzyness and three lost consciousness.
Plane plunged 30,000 feet in just eight minutes before landing in Buffalo.
Investigation has found nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya.
She failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place.
The 13-year-old wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
She added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage 'whichever way possible'
Peter Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a Space Invaders style tune emerges from it.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across border in Ukraine.
It is co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Russian-language film is about Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko.
She reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops in less than a year.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw.
Police have not yet officially identified the couple, but family and friends say they were the owners of a local excavating company.
Pest control company Mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott.
The post has been 'liked' almost 700 times, and been shared a further 100 times.
A spokeswoman for the company said the post has since been removed.
Ms Scott was due to marry her partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday.
With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck.
Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent.
But bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds.
He prunes and guides the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister at Auschwitz.
She says seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
He faces a possible three to 15 years in jail if convicted in Germany.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez’s Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Pacquiao and Lopez know each other from training in the same gym.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year.
London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs.
Scotland as a whole has seen an explosion in the ant population in the last four years.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
There have even been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun.
Edward West, 59, pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her third husband while he was sleeping in 2013.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 1985.
Decades before, in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brought down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty.
Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma equalised for the hosts with a penalty just three minutes on the clock.
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (321) and one priced at $24.99 (£21)
Fans can also buy a shirt in the colours black or white commemorating the encounter.
Gunfights broke out and.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a.
leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.
Authorities said by the afternoon the situation was brought under control.
Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured.
David Curry, 49, was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth.
He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing £40 Adidas trousers.
Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain.
This increases the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat.
Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
It was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans.
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names.
Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team.
The Saracens flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.
Burger will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Claudia Alende, 21, launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
She claimed the model had'revealed who she truly is'
Carvalho, 23, posted the racy picture to her Instagram account on Good Friday.
It was accompanied with a prayer which included the words: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
But the paintings prompted a tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Many accused the Miss BumBum winner of disrespect and religious sacrilege.
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Doctors have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea.
He was sentenced to life in prison in 1972.
Davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
The Manson family planned to rob Hinman, a friend, but killed him after holding him two days because he said he didn't have money.
About a month later, Davis stabbed Shea, who worked at Spahn Ranch where the family lived.
Robbie Fowler has named his Legends XI for his 40th birthday.
Fowler has picked five of the best Premier League strikers of all time.
Peter Schmeichel, Paolo Maldini and Roberto Carlos also feature.
Paul Mason, 54, lost 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010.
But the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin.
He wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove he could keep the weight off.
Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
The claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
The ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff.
It is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, one of the world’s richest men.
Sheikh has business interests including Godolphin horseracing stables and Jumeirah luxury hotel group.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
The British No 1 met the Czech at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Premier League matches against west London rivals Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo was sentenced to death for murdering his family in Oregon in 2001.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 2-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with injuries they are currently contending with in the squad.
Ricardo Quaresma gave Porto an early lead from the spot.
But Manuel Neuer was lucky to be on the pitch for the second leg.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car.
Video shows Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him.
Slager was fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder on Tuesday.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past.
She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to hospital.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police are investigating the shooting but have yet to make any arrests.
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking, stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle.
Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
PETA Australia campaigns manager Ashley Fruno reminded the public of the content of the gruesome video.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975.
The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared.
Marian had only been living in Australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to Matravill High School.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents.
According to data released by the Ministry of Defence, some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight.
She was pounced on by the Jack Russell, which bit her face.
The toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog attacked her.
Her father heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings with the Magpies.
John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win against Newcastle.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20-45 years in jail for killing Francesca Weatherhead.
Mrs Weatherhead, 25, was killed when he collided with her vehicle while fleeing police.
The crash at an intersection in Redford, Detroit, flipped Mrs Weatherhead's vehicle.
McCallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.
At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and an embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor.
Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded.
Earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
Froch pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday.
The Hollywood siren called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen.
The apartment, which is a short walk from Harrods and Hyde Park, boasts a total of five bedrooms and five bathrooms.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached 20st after snacking on junk food.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
But after ditching the snacks Leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st.
It wasn't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight.
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal.
Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the club on Wednesday.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
It said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
The Chinese world No 3 realised what he had done and chuckled.
Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube.
The uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male.
He gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her.
Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
Aldi increased its share of premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of the lucrative market, which has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year.
It's believed Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco, offering a smaller range but cheaper prices.
Rory McIlroy has persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in his foundation tournament.
Martin Kaymer, Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
The tournament will feature five players who have been world number one.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home on Monday.
Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep.
Koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home.
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting him on Grindr.
Dunn, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, was high on Class A Mephedrone.
He left Mr Garrod in fear of his life, before fleeing with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Judge Jeremy Carey told Dunn he had narrowly decided against finding him dangerous, which would have led to an extended sentence.
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
It has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for 2016 summer games in Rio.
The Belfast boys will take on native opposition in Maiquetia, northern Venezuela.
Barnes and Conlan box for the Italia Thunder team.
They have fought only three of their six bouts so far in Italy.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops.
The mistake on the left sleeve is to 'boost morale' within the force.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
Referee Lee Mason did not point to the spot for the Magpies.
Neville believes Mason's perfect positioning should have led him to make the correct call.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday.
The 26-year-old was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
Her fiancée, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday.
Ms Scott's father Robert said he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott's shocking death, but is confident that his daughter is in 'the best possible place'
It comes after local Leeton parents expressed anger over the loss of their
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
John Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
They stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Birmingham.
Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers.
Forensic experts discovered Lundie's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime.
Day and Lundie were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet confirmed to People on Wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch, 34, is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies.
He has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison.
Former friend says he is using it to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said of his wardrobe malfunction.
Bayern Munich host Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
But a repeat of their Porto horror-show could see them dumped out.
Real Madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle.
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage.
It is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition.
Delta 271 flight from Paris to Newark, New Jersey diverted to Boston.
Passengers complained of nausea and possible minor injuries.
Two people taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband’s plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
New royal baby could be clad in biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Pippa Middleton said to have bought them ahead of birth of baby.
Mummy Mitts attach to handle bars of pushchair so you can take hands out.
Koo-di's spout protector stops baby touching hot bath taps.
Baby Shusher can be programmed to make 15 minutes or 30 minutes of continuous shushing.
Billy Vunipola has been called before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel.
The Saracens back row was cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head on Saturday.
He will appear before a three-man panel on Tuesday.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Comes after Britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams said we need to consider the type of food before picking something up off the floor and eating it.
Wet foods are cut fruit, cold meats, ham, salami, dairy products, and cooked rice or pasta.
More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
Despite her critics, Sarah refuses to hide her eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.
All those in the study had older siblings.
Some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
The two were dating despite Kaufman being married to another woman.
George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office.
His nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy.
In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him.
The nadir came when the Chancellor was booed at the Paralympic Games.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent.
They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple.
It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Mr Cameron said the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
It follows a conservation ‘success story’ that raised numbers to 90,000.
Experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo.
Mayweather is currently training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid.
The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece.
But it was a different story before the game as Ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a supporter.
After completing his warm-up routine Ronaldo went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
An estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
The trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998, only
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for the Czech Republic international.
But Carlo Cudicini feels Cech would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger.
Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season understudy to Thibaut Courtois.
The August 1 exhibition will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation.
The game will take place at the Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg.
More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists.
Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients.
Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
Michael Vaughan has spoken to the ECB about the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursday’s management board meeting.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have both registered their interest.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear collection.
The lingerie and loungewear collection is priced between £14 and £85.
Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
The 23-year-old is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
Grealish has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team.
Jenkinson wants to lead his country to glory at the Under 21s European Championships in Czech Republic.
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs.
The most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
He accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him.
Redknapp left the club in February citing knee problems.
Manchester United's Under 21 side drew 1-1 with Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game.
Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off with injuries.
Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute.
Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Anthony Knockaert.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent.
He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
It was only when Mason pleaded guilty in September that the case against them was dropped at the Old Bailey.
Mason has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud.
A new book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst to sleep with him.
He is said to have met Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for the trainer to say ‘one’ and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
They found people felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit.
Celtic have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to Inverness.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart.
It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the club.
Klopp's exit could signal the break-up of the Dortmund squad.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 Indiana Hoosiers.
Mike Hand has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
But he and his wife Kate have been told they are not eligible for a grant.
They say they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
'Climate change can no longer be denied,' he
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Kenny Bayless will referee the match, billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.
The 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world.
Bayless will pocket $25,000 for the night's work while judges Dave Moretti, Glenn Feldman and Burt Clements will each receive $20,000.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel lingerie campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions.
The New York-based blogger has taken to social media to share photos of herself in the lingerie.
Lane Bryant insists the campaign is diverse and represents 'the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself'
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.
Despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor.
The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but had all of his personal identification stolen.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
Helinksi is now looking for permanent accommodation and is looking for a small apartment.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone.
She was preparing to leave home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway.
The teenager jumped onto the hood and injured his hip, right knee and foot.
Garcia has been charged with child abuse for the incident.
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The League North side won the title on a fitting 92 points.
They won't be playing local rivals FC United of Manchester next season.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield.
Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry.
Judy Murray, 55, wore same colour as Jenny Packham gown worn by Kim Sears.
She wore a nude pencil skirt and lace top as well as a hat by Scottish milliner William Chambers.
Her mother Shirley Erskine, 80, admitted the wedding of Andy, 27, to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears, also 27, had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'
England's withdrawal from the Victory Shield for Under 16s has worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations.
Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke.
This is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the English telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics.
West Ham’s pledge to cut ticket prices for their Olympic Stadium move has upset clubs who regard the move as cynical.
Pasco County Sheriff's Office reported it has received death threats.
Deputy Kerry Kempink shot the dog while responding to a call.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him.
He then turned his gun on the other which ran off.
The horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious'
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters.
The world number one is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors.
McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
Two male suspects are now being sought by police.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Wander on the Isle of Wight and explore the Cotswolds Olimpicks.
The Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Roy Keane described Luiz as looking 'lost' following his woeful first-half performance.
Keane said he felt sorry for Luiz, describing him as 'lost again'
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Frank Abagnale, 66, posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot in the 2002 Steven Spielberg film Catch Me If You Can.
He was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman.
But the conman turned fraud expert changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a town hall meeting.
The state's largest teacher's union is calling him out for his 'bullying' behavior.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
That sentiment doesn't ring well with Christie's ambitions to run in the Republican presidential primaries next year.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
At its height, NORAD watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations.
It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside, but this week the Pentagon announced that it will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the U.S. military.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
Her mom, Anna Moser, said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery.
Giles opened her eyes earlier this month. Though she is still nonverbal, Moser talks to her daughter every day.
Zbigniew Huminski was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe.
The 38-year-old was on his way to England from Calais when he struck.
He appeared before a judge on Friday night and was indicted.
His lawyer Antoine Deguines said: 'He did not speak to the judge, as his right'
Thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday.
Light general aviation aircraft approaches the Aero Acres residential airpark and touches down without its landing gear deployed.
The plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact.
Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air.
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Jones is now dating Will Forte, who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, gorges on junk food in various states of undress.
The security guard says her fans love to watch her enjoy food.
She now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-0 at Turf Moor to move further clear of Manchester City.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for the Gunners in the first half.
Santi Cazorla fired a free-kick narrowly wide and over the bar.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword.
Police say they shot him with an 'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Survey of 1,000 people from across the country found 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they shop with friends.
The main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy'
Manchester City want more English players in their starting line-up.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled Raheem Sterling.
Frank Lampard and James Milner are also targets for City.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke full back Christian Fuchs.
The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Austria international captain Fuchs is vastly experienced and renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Despite Elliot's best efforts, Gemma keeps licking away.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the Nazi commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds.
Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Daughter Harper, meanwhile, prefers'very strong and briny flavors' including oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and — not so unusually —chocolate.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
They had bought ecstasy from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs'
Boys were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton.
Oleg Kalashnikov was a former member of the Ukrainian parliament.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds.
It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne.
He referred to air stewardesses as'sweethearts' while in character as Dapper Laughs.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member she was 'gagging for a rape'
O'Reilly resurrected his ‘ultimate lad’ character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Former England batsman has been linked with a return to the national side.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara.
There are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Carl.
Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new Liverpool home strip on Friday afternoon.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal.
Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley next weekend.
John O'Connor said the fire and the raid could be linked.
The former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad said it was 'too much of a coincidence'
Firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site.
He said: 'You've got a major strong room, there's no sign of a forced entry, they've apparently been able to abseil down the lift shaft to get access'
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards.
A recent ranking of the top 10 airports for baggage handling saw the Japanese airport take top honours thanks to its track record.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday.
He was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempted to use a weapon of mass destruction.
The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley.
Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am.
A religious leader who had counseled the 'troubled' young man said that he was mentally ill.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
It is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer.
Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School.
Used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing.
He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at Land O'Lakes Detention Center.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits.
Teachers say they are now being forced to spy on children during discussions.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is'shut down debate' in schools.
Teachers fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share opinions.
They also claim young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year old woman following the drug bust in Katherine on Sunday.
Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
The man and woman were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House.
They will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, who suffers from lupus, discovered the note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Her mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with the heartfelt message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny'
The search for Joe and Jenny continues.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, according to the prosecutor.
She also had injury to her head and broken teeth, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time.
Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop Dogg at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
The 27-year-old has been in brilliant form for United this season.
Courtois is confident of winning the Premier League title.
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The 19-year-old was awarded the Man-of-the-Match in the Merseyside derby.
Brendan Rodgers will include him in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined for the last two games.
Baltimore Orioles beat Boston Red Sox in ten innings at Camden Yards on Saturday night.
Thousands of Orioles fans were trapped inside the ballpark as they awaited police clearance to leave.
Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear.
Violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows.
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts had threatened mass arrests downtown if demonstrators did not leave.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
The bodies of four people were found in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Police believe the father killed his wife, sons and himself.
Officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect.
Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
PSG beat Barcelona 4-0 in the group stages of the competition earlier this year.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
To highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
Messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s)
Hibernian stand to make £1million from sell-out home gates against Rangers.
They would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off profits to lower league clubs.
Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell.
Issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends.
The only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini says people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger followed up his goal by hitting Twitter.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
Bath were beaten 18-15 by Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Anthony Watson believes the pain of Bath's exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season's Aviva Premiership play-offs.
Bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half George Ford and captain Stuart Hooper.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie.
They are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Nigel Farage has vowed to stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to win seat.
A private poll put the Conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin.
But Ukip MEP Diane James insists the party would carry on without him.
She named three possible successors to Mr Farage – deputy leader Paul Nuttall, economics spokesman Patrick O'Flynn and deputy chairman Suzanne Evans.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk.
She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket.
Mother, who has not been named, told police she had put body into lake.
But Ms Grimes said she had been accused of being the child's mother.
Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to his family.
Danny Ings' Real Sociedad contract expires in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives.
The fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
It is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn.
Workmen have been on site for around five months and demolition was in progress.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team’s training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
The eagle appears to be a golden eagle, despite some speculation that it is a young bald.
After standing and shaking its head, the big bird moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
He spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of window and shouted 'watch this'
Hamilton sped down road and overtook cars'recklessly'
Moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64.
Mr Knight died instantly from his injuries at the scene on Stroud Road.
Albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jon Jones on Monday.
They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash.
Jones handed himself in later the same day, withTMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
According to the warrant, the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver Buick SUV.
A reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate.
The 480-house development is proposed for next door to the popular Cornwall theme park.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Leicester face Swansea at home on Saturday and Burnley at Everton.
The Foxes have won back-to-back in the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in the chase for survival.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez believes Sean Dyche will help Burnley survive.
A young English cricket fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
The legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in Puerto Rico, where many local farmers claimed
Borussia Dortmund beat Paderborn 2-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target.
The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
The one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court, dropped through the basket with an audible swish.
Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
James and the Cavs hold a 3-0 lead in their Eastern Conference first-round playoff series against the Celtics.
A man from central Queensland has been charged with torture.
A 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital suffering from fractures, head injuries and burns.
The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Police arrested a 32-year old man from suburban Kepnock.
He will appear at Bundababerg Magistrates Court on Monday.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-final.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last four on June 6.
Barcelona are favourites to win the competition.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 5-0 in the quarter-finals.
Tristram Hunt was visiting a primary school in Derby when he was filmed.
He asked the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election.
Labour MP was stunned by the statement, which a Ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Blood covered the boat which was anchored off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing.
The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
She slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware.
The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week.
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape.
Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer.
Smith revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft.
For her first assignment back, Smith will head to Hawaii and be with Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood.
The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport.
Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
Poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
Jia Jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest.
Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
The crucial point is that rejection is unavoidable and it’s how we respond to it.
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
He urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives.
While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
'These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling (they've done 10 yrs
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.
Her vision became blurred and she could barely see with her right eye.
A few days later, she visited the opticians and was referred to see an opthalmologist.
Days later, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
Mr Gupta scanned the patient's retina using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
He escaped from Lake Region Correctional Center, also known as Devils Lake.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Couple managed to get 1,700 miles from the North Dakota jail before being captured.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist.
Her sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her as'very beautiful'
Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper and pal Craig Porter were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Pair are being investigated on suspicion of Agnese's illegal detention.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showing off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was filmed drinking prison hooch in a video shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract.
Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
The 21-year-old made 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a University of South Carolina student who can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
She started learning to play Taylor Swift's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the Grammy winner.
Now her biggest gig is performing with Legends in Concert, a concert series that includes artists impersonating the likes of Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, and Tim McGraw.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is recovering from Rhinoplasty.
The blogger has over 190,000 Instagram followers.
She has been 'chilling out' by the pool, getting manicures and pedicures.
'I can finally see that my nose is in line for once and I don't have this droop,' she said.
Her $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package included a stay in a Phuket hotel.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at Aspen Dental.
But she was informed only available appointment was in 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park.
He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine, saying it was unfair.
But in a landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing the judges of being 'out of touch'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne into the face of a hostess at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver.
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK'
Michelle Carter, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Conrad Roy III last July.
She is accused of encouraging Roy to take his life in the minutes before he died.
Carter's defense attorney has requested the case be moved out of Bristol County because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin.
But the district attorney's office has filed a response arguing that the DA has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe.
The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad, ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were hospitalized after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in Mississippi.
Siblings were placed in medically-induced comas and put on life support.
Now, they are facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues.
Synthetic marijuana is mix of herbs sprayed with chemical to produce similar sensation to marijuana.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry.
She met with an agent who claimed over dinner that she could get her a Caucasian baby in two to three months.
The agent then tried to convince Gianna and her team to buy the baby that they had brought to the restaurant with them.
In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000, and Gianna explained that 'the reoccurring theme' when speaking with American agents and experts about couples hiring surrogates from other countries was money.
Kyle Iveson, 24, demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, 54.
He attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice.
But she instantly recognised him and reported him to the police straight away.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
The Gunners boss was concerned over forward Theo Walcott's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test.
If they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at it in one of two ways.
England can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home.
But a position of strength is often a good one from which to take a long hard look at yourself and say ‘how can we improve?’
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Some are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.
At best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district.
Luxury homes are on offer in London, Paris, New York and Los Angeles.
Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at Medway Magistrates' Court.
They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed audiences' obsession with his body is sexist.
The Icelandic actress, 27, said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
She said: 'I don't think it should be any more allowed than if a woman was in the same situation'
Number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London.
Prime Minister insisted Coalition had spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
Comes as senior Tory Michael Gove claims Christians are being dismissed.
Church provoked row with ministers by publishing guide to how 30million Christians should 'approach General Election'
Bishops complained welfare claimants were 'described in terms that imply they are undeserving, dependent and ought to be self-sufficient'
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
24-year-old was a member of gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs.
Officers seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents, and equipment used for drug dealing.
Beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years at Blackfriars Crown Court
Rafa Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
The Spaniard is still popular at Anfield, but when he left there were few regrets over his departure.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving his car into doors of Club Liv in Manchester.
Totton, who survived a gangland hit in 2006, tried to claim the attack was a joke.
But a judge ruled that it was a 'prank' and he committed it as 'a prank'
He was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from driving for three years.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week.
But the Irish pair aren't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers - and the celebrity world is no exception.
Among the more unlikely pairings is Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in Spain.
Mr Yuan was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
The women have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat and are quickly discovering just how much he hid from them.
Order was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by Russians.
Order is one of the only copies of Doenitz's dispatch known to exist today.
It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The 33-year-old skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere.
A 26-year-old man has been identified as Chris Blowes.
The man was attacked at Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia.
Witnesses said they saw a six-metre Great White shark swimming away.
Mr Blowes was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries.
He has been airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
The decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales.
Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners, specifically aspartame.
Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
He used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars.
The results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellates will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely.
Some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye.
It raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for obese adults.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone.
The accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The bone is believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe.
Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet.
FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.
The 5,000-capacity stadium cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m.
Broadhurst is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford.
It will host Benfica for the official opening on May 29.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20am in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
The 44-year-old driver of the SUV, who allegedly has a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage.
Young waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top.
18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police he left her with a bruise below her eye.
Lennon, 28, is on loan to Everton and was interviewed by police under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month.
Police are investigating the alleged incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Kris claimed she'd never been approached for a comment,
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Fey has won eight Emmy awards for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $128,705 (£85,508) on StubHub.
Tickets for the weigh-in go on sale on Friday at 3pm from the MGM Resorts Box Office at a cost of $10 (£6.50) per head with a limit of 10 per person.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone.
At his largest he would avoid sitting in chairs in fear of breaking them.
His wife Debbie, also 56, dropped 8st and lost 21st.
The pair have lost a combined weight of 29st since 2012.
The video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups.
He then rotates through the various hairstyles.
The video was initially uploaded to Reddit by a user named toper-centage.
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.
He exclaims: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
It’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.
Mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital prompted an investigation.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.
It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
Alice Dreger attended sex education class at East Lansing High School.
She tweeted out horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
School has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it was that day's lesson.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle scored his second international goal in his third cap.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao Garcia'
Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals this term.
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender.
She admitted to having sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the victim and his family.
But she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket.
She was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort.
The resort features a series of minimalist villas with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya.
Each villa has their own saltwater private infinity pool overlooking Andaman Sea.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire, fell at the final hurdle to take the win.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
He said: 'It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated'
Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Simon Cowell.
The wildlife expert was travelling to the cub’s location in his car.
He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position.
Mr Cowell distracts the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand.
Juan Mata has scored two goals in his last five games for Manchester United.
The Spaniard was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
If United beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge they will be only five points behind the leaders.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital and forced to leave her home.
But the 92-year-old's family allowed charity Age UK to clear it out.
Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary.
The great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family.
Gemma Collins has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex has seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
The value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
Product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
Former NSA chief General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault.
The greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure, he warned.
Alexander was speaking at a private dinner held by IHS CERAWeek in Texas last week.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Her return to action sets up a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson.
Michael Rogan, 42, died early on Friday after the accident near Cleveland, Wisconsin.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses.
Within three days almost $190,000 has been raised.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
The jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest.
AP McCoy finished third in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey Trophy.
McCoy rode Box Office all the way to the line and took the congratulations of his fellow jockeys.
Two Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system.
Almonds are high in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin.
Vitamin C boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources, so eat cashews with a kiwi fruit.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
Kim Sei-young leads the ANA Inspiration by three shots.
The South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Saturday.
World No 1 Lydia Ko shot her second consecutive over-par score.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance on Instagram.
The Liverpool winger is currently out with a knee injury.
Ibe is expected to return in the next few weeks.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the off-season program.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013.
He spent the last two seasons training with noted throwing coach Tom House, who also worked with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private family funeral on Wednesday.
The 84-year-old was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people.
His wife Daphne had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
'We've only been given a meeting place,' one close relative said.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area.
He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Ross Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park.
James McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class'
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 courtesy of Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season.
Ronald Koeman conceded his side's Champions League hopes were now over.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February.
The cause of the collision remains unknown, but investigators believe it was an accident that Brody drove on to the tracks.
Brody's three daughters, Alexa, Danielle and Julia, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that people are still jumping to conclusions about what happened.
'A lot of times people just want to find a reason,' Danielle said.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters.
Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over.
Juan Bernat is the latest in a string of thriving Spaniards.
Eight of Spain U21's starting line-up at the 2013 Euros are still in the Champions League quarter-finals.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for Luke continues.
The 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, fourkilometres south of his campsite.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
South Korean defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on opponent Mu Kanazaki.
The 23-year-old is alleged to have deliberately committed the foul.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Manchester United to the Champions League.
The Dutchman's aim is to restore them to the Premier League top four.
United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday was another indication that United are now a settled side.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao have been mainly playing from the bench.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
The video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on Facebook, with one commenter musing: 'Heavy bags need big muscles'
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday at the M Resort in Las Vegas.
In a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Noble said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free buffet pass.
Noble was reportedly upset because he had lost free buffet eating privileges he'd won from the casino in September 2010.
Danny Alexander was pictured with Brooke Magnanti at the Nip festival.
The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday.
Mr Alexander was snapped with Ms Magnati - also known as Belle de Jour.
Conor McGregor is preparing for a featherweight title challenge against Jose Aldo.
The 26-year-old Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest.
McGregor has also revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open in July.
Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall.
As 'Tri-service Safety Officer', he does not have the power to make arrests.
He will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to join ISIS.
She is believed to have been filmed leading al-Khanssaa Brigade in Syria.
The mother-of-two is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants.
Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first'real evidence' of Jones.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island, where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach is found.
The popular Skala beach is just at the end of the bay with the nearby Metaxa Beach Bar good for coffee.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to Rangers after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season.
McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, the world's 13th richest billionaire.
Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
The red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players.
Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
A note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
Two Ryanair planes collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport.
Passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses to arrive.
Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution.
The Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend.
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits after his engine failure.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to nursery.
She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
Crossland, of Mirfield, West Yorkshire, was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Freddie Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts addressed a news conference in Baltimore on Friday amid growing calls for him to step down.
Gray was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away, police said.
Officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into a police van.
While inside, he became irate and leg cuffs
Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
From Jungle Juice to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac.
Men should not drink more than three units of alcohol a day.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Former defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea.
Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Rep Darrell Issa asked Secretary of State about use of personal email in 2012.
But he didn't receive any answer until Clinton had left the department.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week.
Woods shot a round of 66 or 67 at the Shell Houston Open.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round.
Justin Rose is four shots off the pace and in contention.
Documents include flightplan, eyewitness account of bombing and log books.
They were compiled by co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber which carried out mission.
One plan shows how plane would approach Hiroshima, drop bomb and turn 150 degrees to right to return.
Another shows the air burst at under half a mile up over the city and subsequent shockwaves that the explosion would create.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over.
Court records show he had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face court judge.
His last payment was only in 2012, and he was shot dead by Officer Michael Sager.
Scott Stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man.
But he failed to turn up to a previous court hearing and was re-bailed.
The 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4.
His victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold December day.
Stephenson and friend Dale Walker found him but took his phone and abandoned him.
Post mortem examination revealed he had died from hypothermia.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole.
'He said if I ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me,' Casey said.
Tipu Sultan was shot dead outside Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The 32-year-old was originally from Bangladesh and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area immediately after the shooting.
Today there is a heavy police presence in the area with the lane behind the takeaway completely taped off.
Unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown.
Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' as his side prepare to face the Ligue 1 champions.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10.
Labbadia's contract is also valid for the second division should Hamburg be relegated.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery.
Among them are pieces up to 3,500 years old and are expected to fetch £20,000.
The collection will go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house on Thursday.
Howard was Kingsley Amis' second wife and they married in 1965.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot.
Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
If the phone gets too cold, Optimal engages its Anti-Freeze protection mode.
This activates the protection to gently cool the phone.
The case will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, Nexus, HTC & Xperia phones on 9 April.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scything down Harry Chapman.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper Matt Macey.
Alex Iwobi equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star, of no fixed address, was charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and will appear in court next month.
Bowers and Ms Cahill got engaged in December 2013.
Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday.
Swansea have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season.
The Swans have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
Dixon has since started a GoFundMe page which on Sunday had raised $4,619 in donations.
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across a motorway yesterday.
He leaned on the controls before driving it on to the M74 near Abington.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Despite considerable damage, Don escaped unhurt.
Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups.
Edward Fride is the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
He suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.
In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
He wrote that police were supportive of ‘doing what is necessary to adequately protect our families and our homes’
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost $89.95 (£60.70)
US viewers will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch.
The fight will break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by that fight in 2013.
Sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on British shores.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney revealed that United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield.
Rooney said that City players are not the best at tracking back.
Ashley Young said United fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone.
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
Despite saving for course, Amelia was forced to get a part-time job.
Now a consultant, Amelia is helping other people lose weight through the Cambridge Weight Plan.
Richard Graham, who is fighting to retain marginal seat of Gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the Twitter posts.
At an extraordinary pre-trial hearing, the Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters.
The trial, due to take place in June, was originally set for Bristol Crown Court, 30 miles from Gloucester.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system.
It comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date.
Benidorm is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status.
High rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s wants same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China.
Sociology professor Mario Gaviria argues that Benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all.
SBS reporter Ellie Laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her looks.
The Australian article suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young, white and female.
Laing hit back in an open letter to several news outlets.
'Never mind the fact that I work damned hard,' she wrote.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
NAD has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at separately from his domestic violence history.
Smith was suspended for one week in July for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence.
In the discussion, he told fellow anchor Cari Champion that she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Smith responded to a 'Good vs. Evil' approach Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach is taking prior to the boxer's fight against Mayweather.
The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s.
She invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign.
Stars in Victoria's Secret's Dream Angels range of underwear.
The underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic, crisp whites.
Candice recently appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament.
Phillips was also with England in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan.
Adam Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future.
Johnson was suspended by the club after his arrest on March 2.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket.
The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday.
Her friend who gave it to her has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013.
Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population, while immigrants from Ethiopia, Nigeria and Ghana make up about 15 per cent.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004.
In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband, or embarrassed by the media coverage – or both.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza will join Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
He joins compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe.
His ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD.
Stuart was sitting backstage with his new 'wife' Linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a Texas juvenile detention center in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
At the same time, detectives from the same Parish never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated in the.
woods.
Now, social media has brought Carol and Louisiana detectives together.
DNA confirmed that the body in
Parents struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many parents use their child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future.
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested.
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job.
Ramsey believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 will marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Murray will be heading straight to the airport to get back to work.
Djokovic has won his past nine finals at these Masters-level events.
Survation survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had sympathy.
Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for Jihadi John.
One in five Muslims believe they do not do enough to integrate into society.
Another six per cent felt it was not important for Muslims to fit into British society.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
Catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half Scott Dureau bagging all of their points.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
The 41-year-old wrote the best-selling book I Quit Sugar.
She said she came close to taking her own life.
Ms Wilson said depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked.
One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking.
They discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
After her second fail to appear, police issued an arrest warrant.
Driscoll will have to report to police once a week and live at an apartment.
Adam Leheup, 34, met his alleged victim on the 'Let's Date' app.
They met under the clock on Waterloo Station and crossed the bridge.
Leheup allegedly raped the 25-year-old despite her shouting 'No, no'
He has pleaded not guilty to raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were all but extinguished.
But Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe'
The 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place under Arsene Wenger.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election.
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
Lord Greville Janner is accused of molesting young boys in 1970s and 1980s.
Labour peer could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia.
Family of 86-year-old politician told he will not face child abuse charges.
But he could still face civil action from complainants from his alleged victims.
Legal firm Slater & Gordon representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement.
Allardyce has overseen a solid season in the league so far this term.
Swansea travel to bottom-placed Leicester on Saturday.
Jessica Silva stabbed her partner five times in the shoulder, chest and back.
James Polkinghorne was allegedly carrying a pipe on him when he went to Jessica Silva's house on the night of his death.
Ms Silva pleaded not guilty to her partner's murder on the basis of self-defence, but after five days of deliberation, a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter.
She walked free from court last month free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born.
She walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or coat.
The next day, police found her body two miles away on a cliff face.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She grabbed Stars and Stripes and drove off in a patrol car.
Video footage shows her struggling with officers who force her to the ground.
In response, Manhart says the flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
She has come under fire for standing up for her beliefs before.
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation's bunnies into giants, the charity added.
Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat, not as regular feed.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed £20 Tesco product was worth £20.
But British Transport Police trawled through CCTV footage to track down 32-year-old.
They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough, East Yorkshire.
Mother-of-one, who cares for the elderly, was accused of trying to shield the item from CCTV as she walked off the train.
She is now waiting to see if she will be charged but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a better watch than the game they're commenting on.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Last year, the United Nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest.
Jodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.
She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after Sabrina Moss was shot.
Hussain and James sprayed bullets at mother-of-one and her friends outside bar.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette was blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun.
Cullum was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer QC.
He sentenced her to 18 months imprisonment for harbouring Hussain and 24 months for lying to police.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother says officials have made her feel 'like she was in the wrong'
She says she has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences.
37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen, were jailed for life.
Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan.
Soltan's family called for his immediate release in a statement after the verdict.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up.
Head coach Dick Advocaat will be without Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday's derby trip to Sunderland.
Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem.
Stewart revealed he will present his final The Daily Show on August 6.
He kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be.
It comes after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news.
Stewart will be replaced by Trevor Noah, 31, who instantly became the center of a debate over his questionable jokes on social media.
French soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat.
Investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
French president today said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
It found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999.
But 46 per cent insisted their children were not mature enough to know.
And 65 per cent said their children did not know the difference between 999 and 911.
Model letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull are currently in 15th place in the Premier League.
Steve Bruce's side are currently three points off the relegation zone.
Hull face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home in Macon, Georgia.
The 50-year-old's home on North Pine Knoll Drive was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog.
Deputies had to air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats.
Smith claimed she quit the job, according to a man who knew Smith from the local bar scene
Aaron Hernandez was taken to the MCI Cedar Juntion prison in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
On Wednesday, a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd, who was dating Hernandez's fianceé at the time.
Hernandez hasn't set foot in Gillette Stadium since June 2013, when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering Lloyd.
In 2012, the Patriots extended his contract for five years in a $40million deal that was unprecedented for a tight end.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Mrs Skinner was struck by the police gunfire and both she and her husband were taken to Huntsville Hospital.
Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year, says Sri Lanka's sports minister.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
She blamed uncontrollable shaking on her shock but feared something else was to blame.
Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain.
The mother-of-two is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter to get around.
A survey of 1,025 Australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things in the last week than had men.
The cost, says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins, will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children.
Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
The 30-year-old reality TV star posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests about the unexplained death of Freddie Gray turned to riots.
While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do. Damaged if I don't. So now it's wrong to pray?'
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated Robert Bates, 73.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future.
Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley.
Exeter Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park.
David Ewers scored and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.
Exeter will take on Gloucester in the European Challenge Cup.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease.
It was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law.
The club defended their position in a lengthy statement.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11.
The couple have taken a low-key approach when it comes to who to invite.
There will be names from the tennis world in attendance but not celebrities.
Jamie Delgado and James Ward will also attend.
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester City in the 15th minute.
The striker was sent on for the injured David Nugent.
Andy King scored a late second goal to move Leicester off the bottom of the Premier League table.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because plane was not at capacity.
However, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him.
After landing at Muscat, one man was taken away for questioning.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father.
He allegedly forced her to defecate and urinate in the room while he slept.
Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
Kent was granted bail on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Fury hopes to lure Jennings to England in the autumn.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982.
Before striking the world-class sprinter's signature pose, Obama praised him saying that 'nobody's ever been faster'
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986.
But a spokesperson
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
Charles is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way.
Horry County Police said the mother turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The hours old baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, and the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers then took control of the picture feed and posted pornography.
Instead of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons.
The images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked in January.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby.
He was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world.
The pair are now hoping to sell the bear on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Liris Crosse, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of the plus-size modelling world.
She grew up in Baltimore, Maryland, and was a healthy size 10 (US 6)
Despite her voluptuous shape, many people told her to lose weight.
Liris, who is now size 18 (US 14), says she wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms.
This to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
He claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth.
His views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.
On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
She also faces three years' probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool.
The spa is perfectly placed close to Ascot, Sunningdale and Wentworth for golf and racing lovers.
Inside the high-end hotel, there are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Incident occurred in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf area.
Cyclist yelled at driver, banged on window and pushed in mirror.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
The 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will take place on Saturday.
The women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men.
It is 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed an Orlando businessman.
McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
SNP leader used BBC TV debate on Thursday night to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the Labour leader’s 29 per cent.
She said her MPs – who could number as many as 50 after May 7 – would vote to roll back reform of the NHS in England.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion.
He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
A Belgian archaeologist called the find ‘unique’
No complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny'
She said she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed.
The wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to his home town.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
This comes almost one year after Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
We fell in love with her story as well as with her, which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community.
Here are five ways that the Belle´s of the world win us over.
Philippine army has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched joint Philippines and US military exercises.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Ancient Egypt, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time - and found evidence of a'mega drought' in the area.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
Cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
Kellogg's makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent, compared with the UK’s 20 per cent.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination.
Sydney Harbour, Alcatraz and bay can be seen from both sides of the plane.
Cape Town and Table Mountain are great for early morning arrivals from the North.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency.
Three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed Michael Spalding, 39, and dismembered his body.
He then stuffed the body into a suitcase and threw it into Birmingham Canal.
Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases.
Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
Michelle Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Molly Wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in Tesco.
Burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience due to severe weather conditions.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho.
Warnock ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Once there, he tried to break the window, but couldn't.
Instead, he calmed Sitko down and asked him to roll down the window.
He was then able to pull the man out to safety.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her home in Caboolture, Queensland.
She was found by police after she made contact with a family member.
Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Sarah Silverman filmed wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League.
She claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart to do a job.
But New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false.
Silverman has since apologized to Martin and revealed she fabricated the story.
Terry McCarty was six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old, from Hawthorne, Nevada, endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader accused of stooping to'shameful' new low.
Suggested deaths could have been avoided if PM had done more.
Claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels.
He announced deployment of one of Britain's biggest warships to Mediterranean.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer.
KFC hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
Health experts warn consumers not to equate KFC's attempt to build customer trust through displaying respectable food safety standards with healthiness.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine.
Adams faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - and detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video.
In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything.
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus.
The 31-year-old's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season.
Juventus are close to completing a deal for the Argentine striker.
Tevez has scored 17 times this season for Boca Juniors.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground.
Despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in trial in Germany.
They said they could not forgive Mr Groening for his participation in murders.
Mrs Kor's co-paintiffs say they can't forgive him for his involvement.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lindsey set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Heineman allegedly handed the officer three Xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $100 in cash.
Carl Froch has expressed a desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
The 37-year-old was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara.
Froch has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley.
London Mayor was given a kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Nigel Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet.
The Ukip leader has vowed to quit as Ukip leader if he fails to win the seat.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test scalp on Friday.
Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
The 32-year-old said he is convinced he can still improve as a bowler.
James Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder.
He admits he was the shooter, his defense attorneys say, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill.
His lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely.
Prosecutors argue Holmes was sane and fully aware that what he was doing was wrong.
Alix Bussey, 23, was hit by a car and died on holiday in Riviera Maya.
She was a teacher at Bowburn Infants School, County Durham.
Her family said she was devoted to the children she taught.
The pair had been on their first trip abroad together.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'
The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
Rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club's consent and'surprised us all'
But he said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
The Liverpool manager added that Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
Pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
The plane, with 45 passengers, made an otherwise uneventful midnight landing at DFW after a one hour, 40-minute flight.
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, visited six Pret A Manger shops in London.
She tried three approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly.
But she failed to get a free coffee at High Street Kensington and Notting Hill Gate.
Staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.
His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women.
One alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio studios.
Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns.
The sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft.
Monks and nuns are separated by age and sex and live in different districts.
Sky burials are common in the province of Tibet and involve corpses being cut.
Protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne yesterday.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
This is the second year for the Tax Day baby celebration.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas, in 2011.
During the incident on Wednesday, Talib had a physical altercation with someone inside Club Luxx and then a shot was fired outside around 2am.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, 21, in Bali last August.
Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for her co-accused Tommy Schaefer, 21.
Mack has been keeping her newborn Stella with her in a crowded cell in Kerobokan prison.
The baby was born on March 17 and had to return to hospital shortly after her birth with jaundice.
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Todd is the son of Suchet’s son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
He has a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
It took her six weeks to create her Wonder Woman outift, but she says she plans to work her way through all of the super hero's costumes.
Ms Johnston says she chose Wonder Woman as her signature because of her empowering character and 'compassion'
Vladmir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed.
This is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's body.
They brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning, creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications.
Four men accused of stabbing Mozambican man to death in Johannesburg.
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera.
Shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the 0-0 draw with Burnley on Easter Sunday.
Kane and Burnley striker Danny Ings will both be handed spots in Gareth Southgate’s Under 21 Euros squad.
Wojciech Szczesny turns 25 on Monday.
The Arsenal goalkeeper celebrated with family and friends at his London home.
Szczzesny was joined by singer-songwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January.
But it is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’
He admits that civilians with relevant experience are not natural recruits.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was jailed for ten years.
He was found guilty of abusing three young boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant.
Both men, who have strongly denied committing abuse, received backing from the school, parents, and the international community.
Their supporters have said the case is deeply flawed and motivated by a bid by one alleged victim's family to get compensation.
The footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
It shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.
Other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009.
He killed 13 men and women at military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as 'workplace violence'
But it has since been acknowledged that attack was act of terrorism.
One victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty.
Anthony Martinez was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot.
He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the club.
Redknapp has described the situation as 'a bit of a soap opera'
Former West Ham boss believes he would have helped QPR avoid relegation.
The new photographs are featured in Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs.
In the images the painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother Dorothy.
The mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83 year-old's care.
When it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between October 2012, and November 20 last year.
She was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Stuart McCall's side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season.
Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South's play-off hopes a massive boost.
But McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss.
He expects his players to bounce back in Sunday's home meeting with Raith Rovers.
Imran Uddin, 25, was studying science at the University of Birmingham.
He bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he connected to a number of university computers.
Through the software, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers and then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.
Uddin was jailed for four months at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy.
Official inquiry into the blaze concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish.
Sir Oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on BBC Radio Leeds, where he rubbished Mr Fletcher's claims.
He also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly, three weeks after the fire.
Mr Fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy, including his 11-year-old
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United.
Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace.
Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City.
Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze when his cameraman pointed out something behind him.
As the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
A firefighter who had the animal in her hands said that the tiny pet had been hiding from the fire in an empty Modelo beer box.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in February.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Jordan Spieth on Sunday.
Spieth will tee off ahead of Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with her murder.
Mann's parents, Thomas and Melissa Mann, paid tribute to their daughter.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for Aston Villa training on Tuesday.
The Villa wide man wore a flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as Tottenham manager last season.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby.
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
It was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis.
They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
It costs $20 (£13) and can be ordered from the company’
Jack Grealish makes his first Premier League start for Aston Villa.
The Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads.
Grealish says referees have tried telling him to keep his socks low.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claim that at least three of his supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours.
Bates' legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.
But they have been unable to produce proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper.
Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper.
Government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway.
It could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain by 2020.
Step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal.
China has invested billions of dollars in hydropower and telecommunications.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry.
Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to Jose Anigo.
Former Marseille boss Anigo says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona.
Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' to become an Old Trafford great in the same vein as Cantona and David Beckham.
Sweden captain Ibrahimovic scored in their 3-1 international friendly win over Iran on Tuesday night.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe they are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators.
The jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb.
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup third round on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.
The Reds have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Liverpool will be hoping to replicate their 2001 FA Cup triumph by beating Arsenal in the final.
Ellen White scored a free kick against Arsenal on Thursday night.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Arsenal equalised late on and rescue a point.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations.
In Sofia, a night's stay in a four-star hotel will set you back £63.78.
A club sandwich ordered through room service costs just £3.07, while a dry cleaned shirt in Tunis is just £1.70.
London is the third priciest destination in the world, after New York and Zurich.
Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the player of the season award.
The Chelsea forward has been outstanding this season.
Jose Mourinho believes anyone who tips a player other than Hazard is merely making mischief.
Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Simeone has extended his contract at the club until 2019.
The Argentinian has turned Atletico around since joining in December 2011.
Atletico have won the Europa League and the European Super Cup.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app, there are already a concerning number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday.
World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
A pedestrian was killed and another injured when they were struck by the car fleeing police during a wild chase through the city.
The suspects involved were still on the loose Saturday.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her, Santa Ana police Cpl. Ricardo Diaz testified.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at City before they were taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family.
Eriksson said they have underperformed given their financial clout.
Richie Benaud revealed he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment last year.
The 84-year-old told the Nine Network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap'
Benaud had been out walking with his wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
He had been driving his beloved car back from hitting practice golf balls at the Australian Golf Club in Sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car and then a small brick fence.
Former Scottish Secretary says talking up SNP threat is'short-term and dangerous'
Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs.
Former PM warns Ed Miliband would face a 'daily dose of blackmail' from Nicola Sturgeon.
The Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at the Shapwick Heath in Somerset.
It is believed the shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska.
The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts.
Kevin Pietersen made his first appearance for Surrey since August 2013.
The 34-year-old's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey.
Pietersen made 62 on his only prior appearance at The Parks, for Nottinghamshire in April 2004.
Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked questions about gay marriage.
He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
Apple has said the responses to Alex's questions were down to a 'bug' which it has now fixed.
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film.
The identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement.
This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
Sarah Stage, 30, is a lingerie model and animal rights activist.
She has been documenting her first pregnancy with a series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram.
Critics have claimed that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
But she hasn't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has urged Hamilton to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton won a titanic battle at the front in a memorable race here at Bahrain’s Sakhir International Circuit last year against Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor.
Morton was identified by police after he sent a selfie on Snapchat of himself posing with Ryan Mangan's body.
Police found a 9mm handgun hidden under the basement steps that matched the shell casing found at the scene of the February 4 shooting.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the hotel in the early hours of Tuesday.
A guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent and began shouting.
Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'
Some have dressed their babies as sci-fi characters, like Princess Leia from Star Wars.
Another baby is kitted out as widely-recognisable Nintendo character Mario, complete with tiny dungarees, red flat cap and fake felt moustache.
Angela Kelly, 67, spent years wearing high heel shoes.
Had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
She has lost 1½ st and is playing badminton several times a week.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Rafa Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros.
The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks.
Nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open, and a tenth in total.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby.
The 33-year-old was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Kirby, 32, was jailed for eight years and banned from contacting her.
He was released after three years and will not be released until 2023.
Miss Redhead said the 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror'
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott on Wednesday night.
Neighbours say the Stanford family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months'
Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys inside the property itself.
The family home is on the market for $179,000, for around 13 months.
On Monday evening - the night after the alleged murder - neighbours said Stanford told them he had waved and said he had been 'busy' as he hung out
Children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
One unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
But he claimed they would back the party this time if he fails to win majority.
He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in May 2013 for perverting the course of justice for taking Huhne's speeding fines.
She has since written a book about life in women's prisons.
The economist says she would miss her children when work commitments came calling.
Pryce, who speaks four languages, advocates early return to work as a way of battling post-natal depression.
Sir Stirling Moss has revealed his unusual daily routine.
The 85-year-old won 212 races in his 14-year career before a crash in 1962.
He has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph.
'I have half a bottle of wine a day, which fits in very nicely,' he said.
Rand Paul made the remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
She ditched the van within days and flew back to the East Coast, travelling coach.
The wealthy Democrat was spotted at the Omaha, Nebraska, airport
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
She has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa.
Msimang said she's been faced with the realisation that ‘the deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
‘When I say something or someone is racist, it’s not meant to be the worst insult in the world, people really get their backs up and this has only made the conversation about race so immature
Manchester Thunder team lip-sync to 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'
Phil Neville, Gary Neville and Paul Scholes make brief appearance.
Thunder are coached by Neville's sister Tracey, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
His mother believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Investigators haven't concluded whether he was slain or killed himself.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
One in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
But a significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they're going wrong.
The bodies of the young army recruits of Camp Speicher were found.
They were slaughtered by the Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a threatening new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months, families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts.
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Heather Watson crashed out in Charleston after losing to Donna Vekic.
Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel progressed in straight sets.
Lauren Davis beat Grace Min and Sachia Vickery beat Jessica Pegula.
The bizarre slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post.
The pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
Before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, captured the heartwarming scenes during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake, became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs.
The 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate.
Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days.
Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor.
Instead, he ran for his old seat in city council and won.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was shot dead by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of the city.
The teenager was reportedly gunned down as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood.
Relief workers in the area say she was killed as she tried to flee the militants.
Around 160,000 Palestinians used to live in Yarmouk, just a few miles from the palace of president Bashar Al-Assad.
Many fled after his regime began bombing the neighbourhood in 2012.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Jade Wimsey, 24, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy.
Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
Dellinger, of Sunapee, New Hampshire, was a senior vice
Laura Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat.
Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started to spray him with pepper spray.
David Luiz went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player.
Luiz immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg)
It was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys.
Normal healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 goals in La Liga.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
But the ruling means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules.
Southend United move into fourth place after a 1-0 win over Bury.
David Worrall scored a superb curling effort from a set-piece.
Phil Brown's side are behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, received rejection letter from Duke.
She had applied to the prestigious college in her home state.
But on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make grade.
Refusing to take no for an answer, she wrote back: 'I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke'
The letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since being posted.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match.
They would play for 'Team South' against a similar 'North' dream team.
A marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the fixture.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side.
AS claim the rest of the season will be 'operation 30 points' for the Italian coach.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.
The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
Despite its large number of arms, octopuses do not move them in any rhythmical pattern like insects and millipedes do, for example.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
His mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save him.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Father Xiao Kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver yesterday.
The operation took five hours to complete and is believed to be the first in China where two parents have donated the same organ to save their child.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials.
Clinton emerged from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in Charleston.
The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to reach the top of the WTA doubles ranking.
Mirza's run of 14 successive doubles matches with Martina Hingis will see her leapfrog Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci at the top.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., is still under a full-vacate order.
She has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the traumatized animals under her bed.
Blomberg was asleep in her apartment when the explosion happened and she rushed out to see to had happened.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages.
This means that users get 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
It will roll out to Android handsets soon.
Users can delete quote tweets by clicking the ‘More’ icon and by selecting ‘Delete Tweet’
Haris Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season.
But he believes Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him leave.
Vuckic has six goals from 10 games for the Gers this season.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died.
She says he must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals.
The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives.
Claims she is owed a'reasonable provision' following the death of the gambler.
Mr Dellal died in October 2012, aged 89, and left his entire estate to his second wife.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson.
Everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV shows.
The lucky children are often on the receiving end of their father's masterpieces.
Kim Richards was arrested at the Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar.
The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house.
'A two inch drink?' Dr Phil asks. Kim answers, 'Oh yeah'
The night ended with police officers dragging the reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was 'angry and frightened'
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries as he was passing by.
She told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
Mr Hamilton wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home.
He forced him to take out the only item he had on him - nail clippers.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held the woman captive for five days.
Perron, 43, has been charged with sexual assault with a weapon.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
The glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin.
Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Over three quarters of us go crackers for cheddar, crowning it our favourite cheese variety.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
He was a member of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
The Salford-born keeper once famously scored for City.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film.
The 48-year-old insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art'
The French film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
Newcastle United announced record profits last month of £18.7m.
But accounts registered with Companies House show £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum.
The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative Premier League TV deals.
Six Leeds players have withdrawn from the squad to face Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages.
Duggan has since removed the photo from Instagram.
Energy giant ordered to pay £7.75million penalty to Citizens Advice.
Regulator Ofgem found E.ON had overcharged customers after price rises.
Firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
It is now trying to find another 7,000 meter customers to pay an average of £3.42.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence.
He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson.
Mr Phillips was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by Adam's flailing arm.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens, up until March 29.
He says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores--didn't sit well with the 2-year-old building's management.
'Unfortunately, in this case, nice guys finish last,' Body says his higher-up told him.
Nathaniel Clyne has impressed for Southampton this season.
The right back has been linked with a move away from the south coast.
Clyne has earned international recognition with his performances.
Manchester United have also courted interest in the defender.
E4 will shut down for 12 hours on day of general election to encourage youngsters to vote.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
Special advert will be played featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4 on air.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman at his home.
It escalated and he allegedly grabbed a gardening tool and drove it into her.
She pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across the street.
Nunez will be charged with aggravated assault.
Andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight.
Ward is ranked among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world.
The WBA have ordered their two super-middleweight world champions – Ward'super,' Froch'regular'
Froch declared willingness if Ward returns the compliment by travelling to the UK.
John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League games this season.
The Chelsea captain has made 37 Premier League appearances for his side.
Rafa Benitez believed Terry couldn't play two games a week.
Terry made just 14 appearances for Chelsea in 2012-13 season.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns.
And while his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
The image was first shared on Reddit at the weekend.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
The show is set to premiere this summer.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
When she became pregnant with her second child, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated.
But when Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was head of politics at St George's School.
He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
The 41-year-old was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court.
Now he has been banned from teaching for at least five years.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
Property prices are predicted to fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
Declining populations are tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second.
Lynn's brother's wife, Grace, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out on her
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942.
It was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
The coins, belonging to the UK Treasury, were taken to the bottom of the ocean.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search used powerful sonar to locate vessel.
But team suffered'serious' problems trying to recover bulk of hoard because of depths involved.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid.
Arda Turan was sent off in the 75th minute for a challenge on Sergio Ramos.
Cristiano Ronaldo equalised for Real Madrid in the second half.
Hernandez scored the winner in the 88th minute as Atletico were reduced to 10 men.
The result means Hernandez will be adored at the Bernabeu long after he has gone.
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine.
Katie Couric, Christina Applegate and Sara Bareilles all tweeted their best wishes to the actress.
Cressida Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
Since splitting with Prince Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took the stand on Tuesday.
The 13-year-old was found in basement of family's Detroit townhouse.
He said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was beaten.
Said he was forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids.
Also revealed he attempted suicide in bid to escape parents' torture.
Hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to go to trial.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates.
Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.
Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'
But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday.
She is believed to have been taken back to property of man she left pub with.
Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' around 3pm on Friday.
A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested over her murder.
Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
Jamie Carragher does not believe Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Simeone's Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu.
Carragher says the style of play Atletico showed would not impress the three Premier League giants.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses in France.
The only exception will be the dual Arc winner Treve.
Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot.
London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
But he finally conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour'
Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.
They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly, it was added.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain.
The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Photos were released by RSPCA South Australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September.
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.
RSPCA has received more than 1000 similar reports in the past year.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
It is also a contest which pitches Marseille's ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
Bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him to Japan as coach of Argentina at the 2002 World Cup.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate Songkran.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be work of El Greco.
But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He was a master with the microphone to his lips, Benaud also was well aware of the power of silence.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Survey also revealed that nearly a third of all businesses around the world are now owned or managed by women.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the August 16, 2013, shooting death of Australian baseball player Christopher Lane.
Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but his defense argued that he meant only to scare Lane.
The 18-year-old victim was brutally raped at a bus stop in Leeds last month.
The rapist had already stalked three other women that night.
CCTV footage shows the man following three other potential victims.
He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties.
Zayn Malik has been accused of cheating on his fiance Perrie Edwards.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn.
The 22-year-old is currently on a'make or break' holiday with Perrie.
Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole have been dogged by cheating allegations.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The bullets it fires were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker Paul Erard.
They also appear in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris on April 2.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates copied and kept for himself.
Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page.
It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use.
This includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children.
The four Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' she said.
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area.
Three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen, leading to vast, winding tunnels.
The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
Cappadocia, or 'Kapadokya' in Turkish, translates as 'land of the beautiful horses'
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites.
The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD.
More than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since Australia 108 went on the market in February.
EU leaders agree package of measures to tackle migrant crisis in Mediterranean.
They pledge to send in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols.
Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region.
Prime Minister David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward'
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer has warned Pep Guardiola that the club must'make plans for the future before it is too late'
The 47-year-old joined Bayern in July 2012.
Sammer joined Pep Guardiola as part of a special documentary 'Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves'
Manchester United Under 21s go four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Josh Harrop starred as the Red Devils secured a hard-earned victory.
Jordan Brown levelled the scores on the stroke of half-time.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach.
In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Leeim was born prematurely because if spina b
Willy Junior is the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of an airborne flight.
Junior sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13.
He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds.
The area Junior was trapped in was pressurized and temperature controlled, so his life was never threatened.
After his call to 911 cut out, Junior started banging on the ceiling
Chelsea host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger is up against the ultimate pragmatist - Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Puren was youngest brother of Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Nicole Mihai has been told she must leave her son, Chris, behind.
The 34-year-old was deported from New Zealand after a two-year relationship.
She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris.
Carolyn Ross was looking out for the package when it was intercepted.
Police found two condoms and $30,000 worth of meth in the bunny.
Ross confessed to knowing the drugs were in the mail.
She was supposed to redistribute them to someone else.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
The incident took place Monday morning at Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans.
Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack.
Incident caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park.
Incident occurred at 6.55pm on Saturday, March 14.
Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke.
The Spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday's clash.
Chelsea's 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke is set to deputise on the bench.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
Newcastle United striker was introduced as a second-half substitute.
Falcao has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia.
United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League.
The Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way they approached games after Christmas.
Jose Mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal.
Terry also admitted defending was an art after Mourinho claimed his performance against Arsenal was one of the finest of his career.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places.
There are eight players - one each from Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich - that could well be playing in the top flight next season.
Troy Deeney has been consistently excellent for Watford over the last three seasons.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Brendan Rodgers in December.
The Belgian returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury.
Mignolets has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation.
But the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police.
The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Barclays Premier League goal since September.
But a mistake from Saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed Mame Diouf to equalise and substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City to two points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Roberto Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to take penalty duties.
Police in Shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms.
They broke up a large operation covering eight provinces.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
The fakes were packaged as popular brands like Durex.
Miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
She displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for the snap.
One user commented: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me'
Others advised her to pick up a razor and shave.
Olaparib already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations.
New research suggests the drug could also help men with genetic faults within their prostate cancer tumours.
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday.
He will preview the showdown with Arsenal on Saturday and discuss the future of Raheem Sterling.
Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club.
The 20-year-old admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Nikki Thomas, 27, appeared on This Morning to tell how her sister was murdered.
Jenna Thomas, 21, was strangled to death by Philip Packer, 49, in 2008.
He bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day.
Nikki, from South Wales, says she wishes she had done more to save her sister.
She is warning others to learn from her sister's tragic story and not tolerate stalking.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy.
She visited her GP for treatment for a water infection last Wednesday.
But she was told she must make up missed time for 'unauthorised absence'
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her.
Said Courtney has 98 per cent attendance record, but school put figure at 91 per cent.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation.
They have removed 150 trolleys and six vehicles, one of which dates back over 40 years.
The clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency.
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in October's Grand-Final.
Dom Manfredi scored his side's first try in the second half.
Joe Burgess scored a late try to break the champions' resistance.
It was a second successive defeat for Saints.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.
The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year.
Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
Carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running.
Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach.
The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker.
He was found dead next to his house in Mobile, Alabama, the previous year.
In 2012 his conviction was overturned after a judge blasted his trial.
A key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection.
Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out of Hull City clash.
Steven Davis returns to the team after recovering from ankle problem.
Defender Florin Gardos has been struggling with an unspecified knock.
Steve Bruce yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgium international.
Martinez hopes his side can commemorate the life of Sir Philip Carter.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.
One image shows fighters from the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo.
Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Charlie Stayt missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard.
The presenter later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
He was broadcasting from Highfield Primary School in Southampton, Hampshire.
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue.
The government has backed the move and is working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on statues and other colonial symbols.
Image was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.
The Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
Others suggested it was likely an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being.
Last month, a chilling image emerged on the 'Toowoomba Ghost Chasers' Facebook past, with its owner claiming it showed the ghost on a young drowning victim.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before council officers came'sprinting' to say she had committed a criminal offence.
Miss Copeland was issued with £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
After failing to pay she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are due to marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their fronts for the big day.
Many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting.
The biggest name likely to be in attendance is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc's side were beaten 2-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game.
PSG will now focus on winning the Ligue 1 title for the third consecutive season.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit.
He also called on 'forces located in Tikrit to arrest everyone who carries out such acts'
The Danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45.
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday as Liverpool stepped up preparations for FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa.
Sturridge hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
The England striker missed Monday’s 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday morning in Bonney Lake, Washington.
A 50-foot-long concrete slab fell from a construction site on a Washington state bridge and landed on their truck.
The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies.
It remains unknown what caused the'very heavy' concrete structure to fall.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community.
The Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'
The risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response, the report says.
It comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Sarah Ivens, 34, was desperate to get pregnant after 15 years of hoping for the opposite.
Her husband Russell was ready to be a father, we were financially secure.
Eleven months later, when her body was still not doing what I demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
'Have I left it too late to have a baby?’ she'd wail impatiently to Russell.
Friends were as divided as the media when it came to declaring their true fertility stories.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted the club's chances of qualifying for the Champions League were over.
Rodgers also revealed that Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the Toyota Aygo driver veered across the road.
Incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year.
The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11.
The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine.
Pocognoli insists he doesn't want to be one of those players to throw a strop.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
But his last one — the only goal of the game at Burnley — meant the world because it was for someone special.
Ramsey will be on ‘normal TV’ when the BBC screen today’s FA Cup semi-final from Wembley.
More than a quarter of a million fans took to the streets to celebrate Arsenal's 2014 FA Cup success.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out.
The deal means the NFL may never have to disclose what it knew when about the risks and treatment of concussions.
Players' lawyers have argued that the settlement will help families get needed financial awards or medical testing that might take years if the case went to trial.
2,500 police officers involved in tracking down Boston Marathon bombers showed lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights with brothers, report reveals.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target'
Also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns during chaotic shooting.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Shortly after firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, officer mistakenly fired on police vehicle carrying two other cops.
Justin Jackson accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey, Oprah's nephew and Madonna's manager.
Also accused of sending letters to hotels recommending him for jobs.
Claims date from around September 2013 to the end of 2014.
Deathwatch beetles are living in the timber of Hay Castle in Wales.
The castle was built in the late 12th century by the Norman Lord William de Braose.
It was sacked by Llewelyn II, the last prince of Wales, in 1233.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side.
The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John was told his cancer was terminal.
After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover in north London.
Just seconds later, he opens the door without even using a key.
Theft took place in the early hours of Sunday morning in Woodford Green.
Metropolitan Police are appealing for information to track down the thief.
A goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute.
The footage shows the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey.
Goannas come from the monitor lizard family, which are found throughout most of Australia.
Prominent in Aboriginal mythology, goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
Kelsey Higley, 22, studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.
She created a self-portrait of her body, showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful.
The project, entitled 'Manipulation' used 126 different images resulting in a video that was published on Vimeo.
The Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Google Wallet allows users to send money to anyone in the US with a Gmail address.
Users can also transfer funds directly to their bank account.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
He hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South.
Russ said he was initially 'fearful and unsure' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea, but didn't let that stop him from the new adventure.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers.
The smaller size of the vessels means it can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels.
Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him.
She was arrested in May 2013 after his chopped up remains were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor home she was moving out of.
The notorious Prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in Chicago on February 14, 1929, by hired killers dressed as policemen.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
He claims that he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Despite his startling claims, he doesn't mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
David Seaman says his penalty save against Sheffield United was the best of his career.
The 51-year-old says it topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96.
Arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership.
Teale said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit.
Celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen having played a game less.
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the foul ball in her beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
She said it was 'pure luck' and chugged the beer in celebration.
The ball is now sitting in her apartment.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
His lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia.
Woods is making his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015.
The 14-time major winner recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday.
The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Pele, now 74, was asked whether he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in 1974.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim.
The case was recently re-opened by the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
George Bailey will join Sussex for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) on Kickstarter for the insect-powered protein bar.
They previously rose to fame with their Fly Factory, a micro-factory that used larvae to create foods including chocolate cake and pâté.
The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000.
We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
The Aussie, born Natalie Stewart, has taken to the role with lavish, overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language.
Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress.
Eight judges of the European Court of Human Rights found Russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws.
Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations.
But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011.
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti to join him at Boca Juniors.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian giants.
Osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for Boca.
Karen Reidy, 40, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012.
She flew out to see him every couple of months and they holidayed.
But she discovered he had been cheating on her for several months.
Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and lost eight stone.
Sakir proposed with a ring, engraved with his name, in autumn 2013.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland.
The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli.
It comes as travellers heading to Anzac Day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
They said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise.
Researchers created a computer model of the middle ear bone of a Neanderthal child, whose remains were discovered in France 40 years ago
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
In 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg.
Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian is valued at around £6million.
Tim Sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of Andone and Bakary Sako.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting youngster.
Allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at mosque in Birmingham.
Boy allegedly made mistakes with his studies, including failing to read Koran.
It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye and was slapped repeatedly.
They are due to stand trial at Birmingham Crown Court on August 10.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach.
The Chelsea boss has coached a host of world class stars.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Alexis Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season.
Pasquale Marino brought Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Barcelona.
The Daily Show host has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel.
It's believed the pair began dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years.
Noah's Lost in Translation comedy tour took him back to Cape Town from February 24 until March 1.
Gabriel, 28, runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to America.
Despite the split Gabriel is still right behind Noah as he takes over from Jon Stewart in the biggest seat in world comedy.
Online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
Game of Thrones is the most illegally downloaded program in the world.
Mark Dawe, head of Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board, said pupils now learn through search engines anyway.
He said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer in December.
The 31-year-old was dismissed by doctors five times in two months despite coughing up blood.
He was sent home each time, reassured he was most likely suffering a virus.
But an X-ray revealed a tumour had spread to his liver and bones.
Mr Rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Lint-free, tear-resistant filter paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
From being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls, to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you've run out of cotton wool.
Micky Adams was sacked by Tranmere on Sunday.
The 42nd manager to be sacked this season was Adams.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola led his side to a 5-0 lead before half-time.
But Guardiola was left purring at his side's first-half performance.
Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, jailed.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored the goals for United.
Louis van Gaal has piled pressure on Manchester City ahead of their games against Crystal Palace and United.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 at the Miami Open.
Djokovic will play David Ferrer in the quarter-finals on Tuesday.
Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the last eight.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
Mr Byng was in a hide 'with the intention of photographing small British birds, such as Bullfinches, Long-tailed Tits and Wrens'
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems.
Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain.
The 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
She is accused of stabbing her boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
The court heard how she flew into a rage when Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Elderfield told police officers who arrested her,'my God, it's so ******g funny'
Joanne Bolton was knifed more than 14 times by her violent boyfriend.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Steven Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years.
Britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne.
Now, it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
It’s made from a blend of three classic ‘champagne’ grapes.
Champagne is produced from grapes grown in the Champagne region of northern France.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
She says the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy.
Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility.
Steven Gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as Aston Villa beat Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday.
Gerrard was poor throughout, unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years.
Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Carroll had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers.
He is said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl.
Ewing, formerly of Blackpool, denies murder and intending to pervert the course of public justice.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old says he would have signed a lot less a year ago.
Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Divock Origi is on loan at French side Lille from Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan.
Liverpool signed Origi for £10million last summer.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
He was jailed in January after the skate park incident but will now walk free after 69 days behind bars.
'Running around being a big man in town does not cut it when you're in a detention centre,' magistrate Deborah Vasta told the teenager.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance.
Novitzky was involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
UFC announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Roma moved level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points.
Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat Cagliari later on Sunday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist.
Her colleague Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity.
Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint and the East London NHS Trust suspended her for nine months while they investigated.
A disciplinary hearing upheld three complaints about the book and invitation to attend church.
She has now launched an appeal against the tribunal, arguing they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion.
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan, 24, have been unveiled as faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection.
Second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine.
The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames.
Lizzie Cochran, a student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
She came up with the idea after studying biology under a microscope and spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history.
The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
Alpha Delta is responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Results showed that gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected.
Learning the second task
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with relatives.
He was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport.
A 30-year old man arrested in the Rochdale area has been released without charge.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
He was not wearing a seatbelt and was killed in the wreck.
Cartersville is about 125 miles away from where Duane Allman died in 1971.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season.
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico Madrid.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro to book a Europa League semi-final place.
The Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time.
But the Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
New information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, burst into the home of John and Emma Evans in Chorley, Lancashire, last September.
They demanded money from the couple's seven-year-old daughter.
Devaney struck Cookie over the head with a meat cleaver as he tried to protect his owners from armed robbers.
He brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims' car.
The terrier suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China.
Mother, named only as Ms Li, left her by herself while they worked in fields.
She returned home after just ten minutes and discovered her daughter had been dragged from her bed by a stray dog.
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Surrey.
After incident, he said to her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement.
Kevin O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
O'Connor said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small, one-traffic-light town of Walkerton, 20 miles southwest of South Bend, but that he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed, who was photographed with Ed Miliband recently.
He is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Ahmed, a politics student at Manchester University, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
York's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4am Sunday morning with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.
She is thought to have left on her own since she took a backpack packed with a phone and clothes and the bike was missing.
Mike Fitzgerald will be a Leicester Tigers lock next season.
The 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Fitzgerald will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December.
She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas.
In an adorable video uploaded to Instagram by Taronga Zoo, Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud.
The cute animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page.
Within a couple of days
Adele Berry was bombarded with texts from call centre worker.
The 21-year-old was put through to a call centre in South Africa.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday.
He is two shots behind American Peter Uihlein and Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo.
The Uruguayan has been in fine form since his £75million move from Liverpool.
Suarez admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty.
The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710.
Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise, has a celebrity and royalty-packed client list.
Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Sarao appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food.
Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock.
Both players are to retire at the end of May.
Gregor Townsend's side are currently top of the Pro12 standings.
Chelsea moved 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side need two wins from their last six matches to claim the title.
John Terry insists there is still work to be done if they are to clinch it.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account.
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in South Wales.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
It will take place on July 29, coinciding with 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts from Ibiza.
Live music will be played by Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs.
But when her 10-year-old son bounded up to her yelling'mum' she succumbed to 'total shock'
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
He came to the United States and eventually began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
Toro wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship.
That has not happened and Toro is now technically living in the US illegally after declining health forced him to retire.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the crash that killed all 150 on board.
The crash in the Alps has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28.
He is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside.
But Mr Andersson says any number of causes could have caused the crash.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in quarter-final on Sunday.
Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act.
The result sets up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard.
Clermont have not lost in Europe since 2008.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points at Craven Cottage.
Fulham beat Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham equalised.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is set in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France.
It is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests for the same price as a B&B.
The lighthouse keeper's cottage has a patio area, perfect for enjoying a sunset BBQ.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road in Sydney recently.
His driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle.
She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
Stuart McCall was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts.
It was a crucial triumph that moves Gers back into second place in the Scottish Championship.
McCall still does not know if he will remain in charge beyond the summer.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013.
He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
The father-of-three planned his own funeral and was told his cancer was now in remission.
Mr McCabe has now rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee Lisa Williams.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
The Chelsea manager left Madrid in 2013 and rejoined his current club.
Mourinho left amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players.
Arbeloa says Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
Instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
The 14-year-old is fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, according to NDTV.
Her brother doused her with water to the shock of her brother.
Officials banned India's Daughter, a documentary about gang rape and murder.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Daniel Buccheri composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke, east of Melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation.
Adrian couldn't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond.
Super speakers were found to have less activity in Broca's region of the brain.
This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
Sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit, but it seems you need the right kind of wits in the first place to be able to recognise it.
England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy.
The Under 17 European Championships take place in Bulgaria in May.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions.
Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009, but legal challenges have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates.
It will set new dates after the legal questions are settled.
States across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs insists Hibs deserve to be waiting for Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in next month's showpiece.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available.
It comes after the Queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food.
Six dancers were filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument.
Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful.
Two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days.
The women's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark 70th anniversary.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
It's currently only available to selected people for testing.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and ‘watching the game at home’
The National Bar Association is calling for Clarence Habersham, 37, to be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second office to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Scott, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
The father of four's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning.
He is wanted for the murders of his mother and sister, Bernadette and Sarah.
The pair were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle, Merseyside.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Police have released CCTV images of the 26-year-old leaving Liverpool.
Bernadette's family said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from ESPN for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'
The former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
In a self-aggrandizing rant, McHenry tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km)
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning.
In February this year, after suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment.
She was also permitted to have some amenities, including makeup and underwear, but is not allowed to grow her hair long.
Just this month, Manning started Tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert after Phil shared the video with the Pets at Home Facebook group.
Freddie Gray was standing in the van, bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards the back door.
It is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt.
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website.
The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions'
Amazon wants to use drones to deliver packages to its customers over distances of 10 miles (16 km) or more.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of European clubs.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal manager at City.
Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out after a poor season.
Juan Agudelo scored his first international goal since March 2011.
Jordan Morris pounced on a ball ricocheted off Mario Osuna.
The 20-year-old is thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades.
Jurgen Klinsmann mixed a squad of veterans and young players.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against Manny Pacquiao.
The pair will go head-to-head in a $300,000 pay-per-view fight next month.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing yesterday.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp.
Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
She took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
The 30-year-old said she was never offered support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes.
Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
Freekah, spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze.
Each comes with its own promise, with claims of'melting away fat cells'
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital.
The hotel is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms.
Four of which have been decorated by trendy artists.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday.
The 14-time major champion embraced Miguel Angel Jimenez.
Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up on Wednesday.
Australia's Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
The Arsenal boss has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Portuguese coach.
Wenger is without Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Mikel Arteta on Sunday.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to the Parkhead club in January.
John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
It could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia.
But industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, describing them as ‘overly optimistic’
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet.
The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized.
Lt. Dan was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs.
Obama unveils executive order to freeze or block assets of hackers.
Hackers working in China and Russia target U.S. defense contractors.
Also target Iran, China and North Korea, officials say.
But privacy activists question broad language, saying it could have unforeseen impacts.
Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind.
Thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain.
Teen offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold.
But was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals so far this season for QPR.
The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer.
Everton were among Premier League clubs who watched Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a ransom.
Under Australian law, victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
But for that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 campaign.
New Balance take over in supplying the Merseyside club.
Liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits.
The strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
Darrell Clarke's side face Barnet in the Conference on Saturday.
If Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
Doctors warned her weight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
But she managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down aisle.
Now, the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together.
Yingying Dou ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
It was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the site.
Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - said it had expelled two students, suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'
Simonsen's legal team confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from home in Punjab.
Group of men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them.
But instead of defending them, bus staff joined in sexual assault.
Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop, but he started driving faster.
The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, in Punjab province.
Officials banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi.
Liverpool were linked with a move for Neto earlier in the season.
The Brazilian goalkeeper looks certain to leave Fiorentina in the summer.
His agent Stefano Castagna claims he will have his pick of top European clubs.
Andrew Barr was principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne.
He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office.
The school council launched an investigation after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Chairman of the council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
AP McCoy will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts.
There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013.
Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Guptill smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup.
New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
The move is in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary.
They will mix with rivals from the Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13.
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004.
It has been home to the event ever since.
The 2005 race in Shanghai also proved to be the end of an era.
Michael Schumacher collided with Christijan Albers' Minardi.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with mystery blonde in his club T-shirt.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'I haven't seen the girl since, I don't have a clue who she is'
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
She told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria on multiple occasions.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both shot five-under-par 67.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson both shot 70.
The stone tools were discovered in sediment along the west coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
It means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
Experts have long believed that it was the use of stone tools by early species of Homo like Homo habilis and Homo erectus that helped set them apart from other human-like species.
Don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million.
American Pie was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
Two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes running and if you have lathered it with butter and jam, it would take 80 minutes of running.
Georgia Davis, 22, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways.
The source of her income to finance her intake is unclear.
It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison.
Nigel Jackson, 59, accused of murdering wife Brenda Davidson, 72, in Portugal.
At the time he said she had committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But he has now changed his story and said she must have died during burglary.
In a letter from jail, he says he buried her with their beloved pets.
He also admits to moving his mistress into the house as body lay in garden.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Roger Federer was knocked out of the competition by Gael Monfils.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned by his mother as a child.
Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989.
Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam.
But his adoptive parents, Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County, beat him to it.
The two met for the first time since the incident last week and embraced.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United.
A 15-year-old boy has been cautioned after posting a racist tweet.
The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…'
Wiltshire Police launched a probe after a fellow Twitter user complained.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in Kirkwood Community College's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Corey Jones said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters.
Jones, like Corum, will vote in his first presidential election next year.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear.
It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League last four.
Pep Guardiola's side had a 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal last week.
The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug, 120 of them in one week.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s.
But it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again.
Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles.
This includes accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
But several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks.
Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD officers in December.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire 15 rounds into the windshield of the suspects' vehicle.
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves.
But knew only thing that made her feel comfortable was her dog Holly.
After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension charges.
She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Dr Altmann will oversee the Government’s pension reforms.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Former Bradford player Stuart McCall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident.
A book written by Martin Fletcher, a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze, says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club’s then chairman Stafford Heginbotham.
The 69-year-old actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
In an interview with Times2, the actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible'
Her dress is by Badgley Mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet.
Click to shop the brand at Farfetch!
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011.
He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
The West Australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a return to his homeland Atletico Madrid.
The Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla is in his third season with the Gunners but is happy to stay there.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes.
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on April 16.
The 68-year-old NBA legend had quadruple coronary bypass surgery.
Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
After retiring from the NBA, the 19-time All Star starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Alessandra Ambrosio underwent the procedure on Tuesday.
She is being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood, Los Angeles.
The Brazilian supermodel was seen partying at the Coachella festival on Sunday.
A friend said she had been suffering 'constant headaches'
Eddie Howe sealed promotion to the Premier League on Monday.
Bournemouth beat Bolton 3-0 to secure their place in the top flight.
Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves.
The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Wandsworth council has announced it is set to remove the rule giving priority to pupils' siblings.
The rule will be removed even if the family has moved out of the catchment area.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Kelm'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
She was charged with DUI and booked into the Lake County jail; she has since been released on $1,000 bail.
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30.
The Liverpool captain was suspended for the quarter-final replay.
Gerrard was sent off for a stamp on Manchester United's Ander Herrera.
Philippe Coutinho scored the game's only goal at Ewood Park.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival.
Weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August.
President Barack Obama granted the CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US.
The waiver could have prevented the January 15 drone strike that killed Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto.
Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted.
Lo Porto disappeared in January 2012 in Pakistan, just a few days into his second stint in the country.
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on the.
 hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams were killed after a high-speed chase over streets and freeways in and around Cleveland.
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa.
On Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week.
In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list.
The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th place.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
It is designed to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature.
Once the vessel is towed to its location it 'flips' within 20 minutes by pumping water into several ballast tanks.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
They have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight.
The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, was moderating a town hall event on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama's early reading habits, his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued 40 crew members.
They said the captain of the now submerged ship was seen cheering.
Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean.
The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK.
Later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
The Niva is a highly capable, ruftytufty fourx4 from Russia — for a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover.
It is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
The upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud.
UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
UK is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West.
Reading beat Bradford in the last round of the FA Cup.
The Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve.
Ipswich Town beat Cardiff City 2-1 at Portman Road.
Cole Skuse opened the scoring with a 30-yard effort in the first half.
Bruno Ecuele Manga put Cardiff ahead in the 29th minute.
Daryl Murphy scored a third in the 90th minute to seal the win.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, went for a walk near her Santa Monica home.
She became angry and left her home to calm down but never returned.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help.
The teenager, described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old, has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Romania's Alexandra Dulgheru.
The Canadian was mocked at home and abroad over the incident.
Bouchard lost both her singles matches to world No 69 and 104.
She reached last year’s Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
MPs expenses watchdog launched bid to keep original claims secret.
But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release copies of receipts.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published.
Case stems from Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010.
It asked for three specific receipts submitted by politicians in support of claims.
Instead of providing original receipts, Ipsa sent back a typed-up summary.
Information Commissioner later ruled that the receipts themselves should have been published.
Seven-year-old boy raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food.
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him.
When he resisted, they set him on fire, Inspector Sasthe said.
Boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, managed to escape.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They found a small horse chained to the ground in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round.
Another horse was chained to a grassy area nearby and was removed.
Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night.
Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
The Brazilian forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season.
Barcelona are still top of La Liga and challenging for a treble.
Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead in the 57th minute after Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty.
Carvalho collided with the Juventus forward as he made his way towards goal.
Vidal scored from the spot in the second half to give Juventus a 2-1 lead.
Charlie Patino and his parents must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
The 11-year-old studies Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona.
Charlie trains six times a week, spending more than 10 hours a week at Luton’s highly respected academy before playing a game on a Sunday.
Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair flight.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane.
Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays to the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
They were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
The Tunisian defender was booked for reacting to opposition fans.
Rangers face Raith at Ibrox on Sunday.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum.
The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German World Cup winner has failed to score since joining in January.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995.
Now her son plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on Hudson River.
He was thrown in with fiance Angelika Graswald on Sunday evening.
She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service.
In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger.
Allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them.
The GIFs are created in the Camoji app.
Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan.
He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences.
Civil Guard officers in Alicante confirmed today they believe Monk may be implicated in the violent death and named him as an associate of Paul Scott.
Ed Miliband explicitly ruled out allowing another Scottish independence referendum.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
Former prime minister John Major warned the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
Mr Miliband accused the Tories of 'threatening the integrity of the United Kingdom' by talking up the prospects of Scottish nationalists in the May 7 General Election.
Two incidents have raised concerns about security of shipping lanes.
First incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris.
Four Iranian patrol boats with the country's elite Revolutionary Guards 'harassed a US-flagged merchant ship'
Just four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands bound ship to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots across the bows.
Chelsea quartet celebrated Thai New Year with kick-ups.
Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown were joined by Stamford the Lion.
The quartet threw water at each other during the game at Cobham.
Brown captained Chelsea's Under 19 side to UEFA Youth League final glory.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo, Chris Smalling and Marouane Fellaini have proved their worth.
The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault.
She struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin, 23, was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict.
She was unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role at Russian-based Sberbank.
Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' driven to a mental breakdown.
But it ruled her reputation was'shredded' by sexist taunts and slurs.
The tribunal awarded her £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.
The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots.
Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect.
Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters under ten in West Midlands.
Figures include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year.
Five suspected of sexual offences, according to Freedom of Information Act request.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe, identified by her first name of Chloe, was stripped naked and sexually assaulted.
She was forced into Huminski’s car and then driven to isolated wood.
Her mother, named only as Isabelle, 'heard her daughter's screams' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has 20 children.
Mr Holpin has boasted of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris has brushed off claims that he still uses dating site Plenty of Fish.
She said the two are 'crazy for each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'
Mr Hopin was strongly criticised after admitting he didn't know the name of some of his 40 children.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia.
Residents feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud, covering them in a strange dark residue.
No official comments have been given on what caused the bizarre red sky.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone.
Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup on Saturday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for the foul that led to the penalty.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Judge Denzil Lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter legal document.
Mother, 97, lives in care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire.
She owns a £600,000 house, savings and shares worth £100,000.
Judge said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs 'because of the intense acrimony between them'
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts.
LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands'
Clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the Democratic nomination on Sunday.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was attacked in his local shop in September last year.
He broke into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy.
The 16-year-old attacker tried to stop the victim and ordered him to apologise.
Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the floor.
His mother Kim, 43, said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
She said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' and would 'dance and sing all the time'
Killer
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
He 'targeted vulnerable black women born overseas' during interview process.
Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding between Ms Scott and her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner on Saturday.
Ms Scott's sister wrote a lengthy poem detailing how the couple met, fell in love, and got engaged.
'On this Your Special Day...My little sister/ Stephanie Clare Scott/ Is now a wedded wife/ Believe it or not,' the poem begins.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well.
Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
Aidan Coleman rides The Druids Nephew at Aintree on Saturday.
Coleman stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty.
The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday.
But as he fights to throw out the allegations, police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
Chapman was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver Mercedes-Benz before
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients.
Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family in Mosul, Iraq, last year.
She and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped.
Hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window, but two of them were caught as they fled.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida, on Wednesday.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas declared country had been 'running on empty' since February.
Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund.
At a summit in Brussels today, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is expected to appeal to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for more aid to avoid going bust.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea.
The 21-year-old beat competition from Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy.
MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of Year award.
Leicester City's Kasper Schmeichel and Wes Morgan made Team of the Decade.
An intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low is battering the NSW coast.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines.
They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 at her Grafton, NSW home.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
The 'dedicated' primary school teacher didn't turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast.
Michael Phelps will return to competition in Arizona next week.
The 29-year-old was banned from swimming in September for drink-driving.
Phelps is the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals.
He will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault.
He also attempted to rob two men in Swindon after drinking heavily at a party.
Ashton Taylor, 21, has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson.
She was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013.
Miss Taylor has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years.
Her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer.
Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation following his straight-red card for throwing grass at Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets.
The incident happened during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday night.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
He customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through.
Alan Barnes, 67, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear.
He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.
Mr Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, said it felt 'fantastic' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
At least one of the individuals checked in early Sunday morning before the gunshots were heard at about 9 a.m.
David Moyes left Manchester United exactly a year ago.
United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four.
Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them in time.
Philippe Saint-Andre has struggled as head coach of Les Bleus.
He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of the Six Nations.
Saint-Andre will remain in charge for the World Cup in England from September 18 to October 31.
Serena Williams reached the Miami Open final on Saturday.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile.
If she wins on Saturday she will have earned £4.33m in prize-money.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - formed when up to 60 rebel factions merged to fight the Syrian regime.
Group claims it is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011.
Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat.
The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia.
A parking attendant managed to plough a 200mph supercar through the front of a shop after mistaking the brake for the throttle in a Ferrari 599 GTO worth £300,000.
The driver, Roberto Cinti, 38, told police following the accident: 'I got confused. Instead of the brake, I pressed down on the accelerator'
The identity of the car's owner is not known, although insurance investigators are believed to be looking into the cause of the crash.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a vile new propaganda video.
He has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia.
The 23-year-old is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
The Commission's investigation, opened in September 2012, had initially covered Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Manchester United face rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie said he was fit to feature but Louis van Gaal has ruled him out.
Van Gaal also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year.
The TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
A male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport.
Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, the TSA only investigated in February.
Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified.
David Nicholson, 48, allegedly used school email to set up threesome with prostitute.
Married father-of-four'sent explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on her dressing up.
He is still under investigation by Ofstead after claims he used official school email address to contact escort through adult website.
Mr Nicholson has now resigned from The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990.
Her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered.
The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open.
Forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal for City at the Etihad.
James Milner was substituted after a rash challenge from Phil Jones.
Manchester City's Martin Demichelis was caught in the face by Marouane Fellaini.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they are so desperate to get their son Craig into a local prep school.
They've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees.
The Morgans have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday.
The result saw Napoli drop from third place to sixth in Serie A.
President Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve.
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya.
She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days.
Adekoya then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods.
Police Scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched.
At least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed.
Image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
They can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
Claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, where de Blasio refused to back her.
The mayor's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party.
He hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm struck Belarus.
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Experts have said climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
But one European scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
Deep within Utah's San Rafael desert, thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows.
But rather than frightening visitors, they are a geologist's dream: gnarly rock formations which have been created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone.
The 'hoodoos' are rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate.
The 74-year-old allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
She sat out the rest of the debate as a doctor evaluated her backstage.
Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
Ipswich were held to a 1-1 draw by Wolves at Molineux on Saturday.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players.
Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
Angelo West, 41, jumped out of the car and shot Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range.
West then fired at the other officers as he ran across the busy street.
Moynihan is a highly decorated military veteran awarded a medal for bravery by President Obama for his involvement in a shoot-out with the Boston Bombing suspects.
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB.
Former England team director is now running the England cricket academy at Loughborough.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot.
Only the ECB could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre.
McIntyre took to Twitter to condemn the commemoration of ANZAC Day.
He called it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
The SBS managing director and Director of Sport, Ken Shipp said McIntyre's comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable'
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and labelling his tweet a 'token apology'
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke says Tories have become 'too right-wing' to win an election.
He warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Mr Clarke served four years in David Cameron's Cabinet.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year’s absence.
The US Public Links champion opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
American amateur Byron Meth continues to impress at Augusta.
Kim and Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Michael O'Leary took aim at Air France in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche.
He said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers.
Airline boss disputed claims that Ryanair staff face poor working conditions.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village.
It is a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse.
The estate already has a Prince George House.
Inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes.
Cristiano Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside.
Keith Cameron scammed his friend and neighbour out of £476,864.
The 54-year-old promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
Jonathan Speirs died of stomach cancer in 2012 after investing in the scam.
Bubba Watson is four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International.
The defending champion finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday.
Watson's defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
The suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn.
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide.
David Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground.
The offense of criminal homicide encompasses charges from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to murder.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am.
Officials said the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.
Police evacuated some surrounding homes as they addressed the situation.
Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home.
The whereabouts of his wife are not known.
Geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 in royalties.
He said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal.
Portishead founder said he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more.
Jay Z launched his own streaming service, Tidal, this month.
The suicides of five young sailors have unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy.
The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son's life support.
Matt Henry, who was
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared.
The sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length, although most are less than 18 meters (60 ft)
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla.
There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young players and may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell.
The Uruguayan hasn't scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
First Russian plane brings Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
Premier League and Football League will observe minute's silence.
Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
Many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured as the fire engulfed the main stand within minutes.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored a second-half winner to keep their title hopes alive.
Cameron Jerome and Joao Teixeira both scored for the Canaries.
Fenerbahce team bus was shot at near the city of Trabzon on Saturday.
The bus driver was taken to hospital with a head injury.
None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
Local TV footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent.
In Bedfordshire crime victims wait up to a third longer for a response.
Labour's Yvette Cooper said victims of crime were being put at risk.
The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image of herself pointing gun on Facebook.
She captioned image, in which she is seen beaming while holding deadly weapon.
'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me",' she then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported.
Suspect, who lives in Virginia, has been charged with harassment by computer.
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah.
He said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family.
Jeffs is serving life behind bars for marrying and having sex with two 12-year-old girls.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for Alice, four, to go to school.
Alice's brothers Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the primary.
But when allocations were revealed today she found out her youngest would have to attend a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's.
Ms Whitehouse is planning to appeal Rochdale Council's decision.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two other cubs.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in Omsk.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises off the coast of Wales.
Footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey.
It is the first time they have been seen around Britain and raises concerns that swimmers could be next.
Divock Origi was voted second most overrated player in France Football poll.
Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Origi to be a success at Anfield.
Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off.
His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal.
He was found dumped a few miles away, close to the A3.
Metropolitan Police confirmed no arrests have yet been made in connection with the incident.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
It will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £500 million being staked globally by punters.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year by Pineau De Re make their choice purely down to the name of the horse.
70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy.
Saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
Found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous.
She began six months of chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for Juventus after 17 minutes.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled the lead with his 26th goal of the season.
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray.
Gray, 25, died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody.
Tamale Rocks discovered the two-way mirror in Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes.
She filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone on Saturday night.
The bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of the mirror.
He insisted that the mirror has brought his staff 'joy'
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year, and have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity' on the victims.
The young girls are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags.
Scientists have developed a ‘self-cleaning’ coating that can be sprayed onto materials.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood'
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere'
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles since before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
Rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population but for many consumers, its origin remains somewhat of a mystery.
The crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in Asia.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday.
Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California during the offseason.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe.
The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he drove it at 180mph in a 40mph zone on Isle of Man TT course.
Mr Martin was driving it at the time when he claimed he reached the top speed.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by travelling fans at every away game for the ‘two caps for Wembley’ loyalty scheme.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm.
Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat.
Her older male roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house.
He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot.
Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25.
The 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ‘corrupting public morals’
The organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘biased and unfair’ Independent Press Standards Organisation.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with'
Miami Herald columnist, Lesley Abravanel, said Brandt, 65, had been 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue.
Mrs Kebede is the last black woman to cover the magazine in five years.
British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover in January.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask.
The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'
He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta.
It caused her to need open heart surgery three times as a baby.
Doctors warned being pregnant could have placed strain on her heart.
But she defied the odds and is now mother to three healthy children.
She is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF)
Will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records.
They include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station.
Sceptics claim the effect is usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
Military sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements had been removed before the fire broke out.
The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire.
The 68-year-old former President said he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped propel him to victory.
Mrs Clinton is expected to launch her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in China.
Ten,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how once researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details, the true picture was soon uncovered.
The damning evidence they uncovered suggests that tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed on demand to supply an ongoing illegal organ transplant industry.
In
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them.
This is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers, by promoting reproduction.
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online.
Blackpool's recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday.
The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp.
Weinsten, 63, and Chapman, 38, began dating in late 2004 and were married three years later at their Connecticut estate.
The tiny copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
It suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
They say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage.
The find suggests the village of Saltford was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in 2011.
Her carer, Gail O'Rorke, has pleaded not guilty to helping her commit suicide.
She is accused of helping Ms Forde buy and administer a toxic substance.
Ms Forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after a car accident.
The trial heard how she had been unaware assisting her to travel could be illegal in Ireland.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Two 17-year-old boys detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands.
Man, 39, also held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, admitted drink driving in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire.
He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a cocktail bar.
His lawyer Gwyn Lewis told Blackpool Magistrates' Court that Hendry's current income was'meagre'
He asked for extra time for his client to pay fines and costs until he can start taking his offshore pension in mid May.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The Manchester United striker said he would take Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts.
Wilson has scored one Premier League goal this season.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Three dogs - a Husky called Sky, Sadie and a Springer Spaniel called Marshall - take their positions on their make-shift stage in Bahama, North Carolina.
Getting the tune underway Sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something – Sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
The three dogs point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony.
Bizarre pictures show models hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen.
Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears.
But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear.
Photographer Olga Barantseva said she wanted to show 'natural harmony' between humans and bears.
Images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
The majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in Sheffield Hallam.
He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
But a poll by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters in the constituency are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance with Graham Gooch.
But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it.
The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 with a near perfect stance.
Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his front foot is far too open.
SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament.
Ms Sturgeon believes the coalition's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the SNP's hand.
But Labour leader Ed Miliband tonight insisted he would rather not form a government than team up with Ms Sturgeon's party.
Newcastle United host Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games.
Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
Garry Monk says the backdrop to the game will have no bearing on the actual 90 minutes.
People paying £150 a week to live in flats in Mayfair and Covent Garden.
They are owned by housing associations and are now worth several million.
Under Conservative plans tenants could get chance to own their own homes.
People living in plush properties could get discounts of up to £102,000.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved.
The 24-year-old from Dorset has had his citizenship change ratified.
Cook has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon.
Fifth-placed Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left.
Philippe Coutinho believes winning the FA cup would save their season.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster.
SsangYong is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle.
Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range.
Eni Mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended David Marshall while out jogging.
Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old kayaker was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading drew 6.9 million viewers.
The Premier League and FA blame each other for their rights holders, Sky and the BBC, scheduling the marquee Chelsea vs Manchester United league match.
Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus.
Alastair Cook could be seen in a long conversation with Test Match Special’s Jonathan Agnew.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live.
Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
His body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the rise of ISIS.
The event was broadcast live on state television in Iraq.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen.
She told doctors she believed she was in labour and was prepared to operate.
But medics at Botosani County Hospital were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Dr Dorin Scladan, 47, carried out an operation to remove the tumour.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Ms Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into forced marriage.
She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
Miss Jolie helped produce the film, which has won awards around the world.
But she believes it could put her and her family in danger of reprisals.
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday in 1998.
The expectation surrounding Owen escalated, and the intro for the next day's report in the Liverpool Echo said it all: 'Brazil have Ronaldo. Liverpool, and now England, have Michael Owen'
Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season.
His 22 goals in his first 40 appearances beats Owen’s 20, too.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
He chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
Keeley launched chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her.
Barristers had to step in to break up the pair and Keeley was jailed for two years.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester despite injury troubles.
The flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle.
Croft missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday afternoon.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of RE trip.
But 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week's trip after parents expressed 'grave concerns' about the teaching of Islam.
Sally Cox, 39, stopped her son Jed Pearce, 10, from going on the visit, expressing fears of 'violence and guns'
Another parent said she was furious after the pupils were singled out in a school assembly.
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice and rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg.
Then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days.
On the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their controversial relationship in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20'
The pair first met when she was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and she was his teacher.
She fell pregnant with their first daughter before she was arrested and with their second after she was released.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea.
One of the carriers involved, Dubai-based Emirates, referred to the apparent near-miss as an 'air traffic control incident'
Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
She accused her of having an affair with her partner at a hog roast party.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at Dawdon Cricket Club.
The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths.
The defender has been retrospectively suspended for one match.
Ronny Deila has called for him to be spared a retrospective ban.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
Her husband Alan has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on Facebook.
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival in Yining County in north Xinjiang.
The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights.
She says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
Jemima says that it's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights.
Daniel, five, made the unwitting admission during an ITV interview.
It is the fourth time the Milibands have appeared on screen during the campaign.
But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team.
Wilcox let go by his current employers as a teenager.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard scored 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
San Antonio also extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight.
LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, took chase in December 2012 when Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston.
Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license.
Martinez leaped into the air to kick Gaydos and knocked him to the ground.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed.
Miss Jolie had the procedure, known as an oophorectomy, in March.
Two years before, she had a double mastectomy as she carries the gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer.
The 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4 per cent.
Shirley Temple's ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'
He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much.
His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
Pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum more likely to have language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a study claims.
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the condition.
Hyperemesis Gravidarums is a severe form of morning sickness.
It causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
Victoria Beckham attended the London marathon today.
The 41-year-old accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and T-shirt.
Accessorised with a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over.
Picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.
It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on the union’�s militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign, with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds.
Jared Quirk, 18, fell to the ground in Athens, Greece, on Friday.
He was walking with friends from Rockland High School in Massachusetts.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died in hospital.
It is the third death for Quirk in the past six months, following Joshua Rose and Patrick Sullivan.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy.
The list is getting longer by the day.
Trains stations are described as ‘calling points’
Roberto Martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach.
The Toffees boss has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles.
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula said that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples.
She said that the more complicated the assembly, the more likely you and your partner will be at odds.
The Liatorp home entertainment unit requires two people for assembly and involves putting together a large amount of shelving.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
It claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body.
The impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and then later condensed to form the moon.
James Rodriguez opens the scoring for Real Madrid.
Cristiano Ronaldo doubles the lead with a left-footed strike.
Javier Hernandez scores his first goal for the visitors.
Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against Almeria.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers, and the car drove off.
Adkins was charged with menacing, a fourth-degree misdemeanor.
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger.
The Southampton midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Wanyama moved from Celtic to Southampton for £12.5million in 2013.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Troopers deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around.
Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United.
Chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday.
Falcao has scored just four times for United since his loan move.
But Monaco are willing to negotiate on the transfer fee.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world's finest athletes.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Rapper Tyga posed for a selfie with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs.
The Rack City rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it.
Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.
He has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
Craig and Jemma Edwards decided to marry at Bristol Children's Hospital.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get permission from Archbishop of Canterbury.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to attract top players.
The former Manchester United defender believes City need to be bold and take on UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him alongside Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
In the film, four friends go on a stag do to Las Vegas but lose the groom.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
Because males, which grow up to 20 inches (50cm) long, are fiercely territorial, their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away.
Scientists from ISPA University Institute in Portugal studied the different sounds made by the fish, which contracts muscles in its swim bladders to release air.
They found that mute males were more likely to face intruders in their
Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam.
The Flash Pack is a small group flashpacking tour company that travels around southeast Asia.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country's peak hours look tame.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side must do better in the most important games.
Liverpool's record in must-win games has been lamentable.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
He then flew the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27.
She said: 'I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick'
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page.
Her comments drew wide publicity after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt.
A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville.
Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in a way that is positive and never hurtful.
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them cross busy high street and dashed to help them across.
But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office.
They stayed for an hour wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls.
Restaurateurs in Italy are angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet.
They have said they will take them to court.
The row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, stopped on his way to one child's home.
He had already used bus's list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct girl.
Fredricksen has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning.
One person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said.
During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but provided no details.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
Disgruntled and disgusted fans uploaded pictures to social media revealing their trauma in getting to the bathroom.
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake in Melbourne's outer west.
Police believe that all children are under the age of six.
One child who died in hospital was aged seven.
Another child, who died en route to the Royal Children's Hospital, was aged one and a half.
The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital.
Adrian Schaffner was skiing in the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair.
The dog named Sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders.
After a long ski to the bottom, the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing with her sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10, when she fell.
Doctors told her relieved parents: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical house style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off.
The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits.
They are more detailed, but less colourful than those produced by another BBC commentator, Nick Barnes, who works for the corporation's Radio Newcastle.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road.
The Mole Urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules.
If successful could be rolled out in other towns, although it is still a long way from fruition.
Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment.
Now, experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for you.
Some hair follicles are rich in stem cells - cells that never lose capacity to renew themselves.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as Trusted face in the Smart Lock menu.
Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face, the screen automatically unlocks.
This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen.
Apple's proposed system would track the
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on first day of two-day tour match.
Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before England declared with 320 lead.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood brought in for a work out.
Adil Rashid outperformed James Tredwell in the contest to be England's Test spinner next week.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child.
Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children.
One of the children later died from their injuries.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb.
He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
'He just looked so fragile. Literally a few hours after I met him for the first time, the doctors said he wasn't going to make it,' Ms Gould said.
China National Tourism Administration to start tracking behaviour abroad.
Police, customs officers, border control and bank credit agencies will be contacted.
They hope strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma and a bag.
Writing on her blog morethanyourbag.com, Hattie opens up about life after undergoing emergency surgery.
Sign has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place.
It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if left behind.
Sign has grammatical errors, according to one expert.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack.
Mack is accused of stuffing her body in a suitcase, together with Tommy Schaefer.
While Stella was being looked after by a friend outside court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
Yaphet Kotto said James Bond cannot be portrayed by a black man.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running.
Elba is seen as the leading contender to replace Daniel Craig.
Hogs Breath Cafe in Aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back with a.270 rifle on Saturday night.
He was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island.
His friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the shoulder.
Mr Verschuure has spent days in hospital since the shooting.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy.
This energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down.
Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can use their stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again.
The system comes in different sizes ranging from the 4.8 kWh to the 5.6 kWh model.
Prices start at €8,450 (£6,170)
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Kerry said: 'Iran needs to recognise that the United States is not going to stand by while the region is destabilised'
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave.
When police finally got to the vintage clothing store, they said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to DOJ employees on Friday.
Said soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing.
His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the findings'stunning'
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax.
He was evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years.
Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
Orlando City travel to Portland Timbers on Sunday in the Eastern Conference.
Kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season.
The former AC Milan midfielder posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram.
John and Carolyn Jackson are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children.
The Army major and his wife engaged in 'a regimen of abuse and neglect' with their three young foster children over a period of years.
They also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family.
That child, now in his teens, is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states.
Quakes were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
He also spoke about his hesitance to visit Cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee Pol Pot, leader of the Khmer Rouge.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad.
The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia.
Ansari celebrated his call-up with four Essex wickets at The Kia Oval.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park, Georgia.
One hit 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit her 15-year old son, Pierre.
Pierre was lying unconscious on floor, not breathing and bullet lodged in head.
Tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during American War of Independence.
Collection amassed by George III, which has been under lock and key for 200 years.
The Queen was at Windsor Castle for launch of digitisation of 350,000 papers.
She declared herself'stunned' by the contents of the archive, all previously unseen.
Leicester Tigers beat London Welsh 38-17 in Aviva Premiership clash.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for brutal attack on Laurence Pearce.
Tongan number eight had been warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
Leicester fought back from 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.
British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors.
Now living abroad, John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be 'the jewel in the UAE' crown'
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy Logan Square neighborhood.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds, striking him multiple times.
Custodio was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
He was ordered held without bail Sunday.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years.
She has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image.
Ms Schake helped transform Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' who shops at retail outlets, does'mom dancing' and even has a Twitter account.
Her efforts could be hindered by some voters' views that the politician and her husband Bill are detached from the issues of 'normal' Americans.
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms.
The new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde.
Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death.
The recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists.
A further 20 million unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham made stark warning this morning.
They said the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government.
Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, Western Australia.
The soldier who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers, one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan.
He was awarded the VC for his actions in September 2008, when, despite being advised not to go and help, Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room.
Each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards, sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains.
Rafa Benitez took Napoli into the Europa League semi-final with 6-3 aggregate win over Wolfsburg.
Benitez has reached his seventh major European semi in 12 seasons.
The Spaniard won the Champions League with Valencia in 2004.
He guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005, his first season at the club.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen.
Agger rejoined Brondby from Liverpool last August.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
Rojo invited her to his friend’s flat for a more private party, but she declined and they parted.
The Argentine defender was in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria.
Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
Mr Bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but, if the iceberg were to flip, he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air.
His goal is to see an iceberg ‘in the last phase of its long life,’ observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
One television network mocked up what 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders.
The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
Chelsea take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League.
The Under 19 team will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Adidas Ultra Boost trainers have gone on sale for £130 ahead of the London Marathon.
Femail writer Lucy Waterlow tested them against Aldi's budget £19.99 pair.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday)
The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women.
Adidas Primeknit fabric is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
Boeing 747-8 is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built, with a price tag of £400million.
It was customised to fit the owner's specifications exactly over a three-year period.
The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers, but this version was built for just a single tycoon.
Bettina Liano is being pursued for $126,594 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012.
The jeans designer previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the Apparel Group, which turned sour.
She is also in the process of writing a'motivational' book charting her career.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets.
The 31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He would set traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine of just £200.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range'
It comes just in time for the birth of the royal baby.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
In response, George has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting at £4.
The range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown and sateen romper.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
Asked on BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm there would be 'no more changes'
Tories would not cut benefits for disabled or pensioners - but refused to rule out cuts.
Melbourne mother-of-two Kady Marsh was in town for her best friend's wedding.
She was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family at the Manly Wharf Hotel.
When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla, she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
'It's ludicrous to suggest that we wouldn't allow breastfeeding in the hotel,' says hotel general manager Justin Tynan.
In Australia, women have a
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath.
His mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time.
She is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round.
The 21-year-old shot a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow American.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Johnson.
Tiger Woods shot a commendable 69; his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs.
McIlroy shot a one-under-par round on the par-three course on Wednesday.
Tiger Woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Trinity Culley, 10, secretly watched One Born Every Minute against parents' wishes.
Her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule.
Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep.
Sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United.
He also missed a chance from six yards in the 56th minute.
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy.
Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy, he put his hand inside the machine's hatch.
But when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door.
It took workers half an hour to free the four-year-old from the machine.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him.
In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
Williams, 48, says Taylor shouted, 'I'm going to get you mother*******'
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show.
She said she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on.
At her heaviest, she weighed 127.5 kgs.
The Maybe Tonight singer underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose 68kg.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders is due to fight at Wembley arena on May 9 on the same card.
Eubank won the WBA interim world title by out-pointing Dmitry Chudinov.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
The rate applied to income over £150,000 and Labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Her friends, who have known her since high school in Dayton, Ohio, went to great lengths to show their support.
They shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric.
The nursing student raised $5,000 through a fundraising website after telling family and friends that she was suffering from cancer.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach.
She is known as the 'celebrity whisperer'
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women.
The 50-year-old used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Ms Gent explained the plot of the film during an interview for a bizarre movie reviews website.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead by a patient's son.
Davidson and his wife Terri Halperin have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two.
Stephen Pasceri, 55, took his own life after being shot by Davidson at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital January 20.
Pasceri's family have said they can't understand why he snapped, but they believe he could have been wanting to enact revenge on Dr. Davidson after his mother, Marguerite,
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old McDonald's worker over her order of fries.
The mother was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17.
She allegedly got out of the car and entered the store yelling at the teenager.
Police say she grabbed the teenager by the neck and scratched her face.
Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988.
Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13 in front of 60 guests.
On their wedding day, the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen.
Just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page.
It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
The boy's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon was in 'bad taste'
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl disappeared in June, 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban.
He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Four were killed instantly in the collision.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Veronica lost a leg and remained unconscious in critical condition yesterday.
The Eagles Palace hotel is 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki.
The hotel is an awarded member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World group.
Guests can head out on jetskis - although watersports at the hotel are not entirely cheap.
Dozens of workers at Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions.
They were accused of brutality at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile factory.
One Bangladeshi worker said: 'I'm really scared I'll be deported as well'
Jordan Spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life.
The 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time and first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets.
Buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history.
Sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times since February when the megafight was confirmed.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was suspended for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal's website.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried.
A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' but later increased to 12 years following an appeal.
Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter - named Smile - could live a shame-
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils.
Miss Campbell spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council and BBC.
Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was lost for four nights alone in bushland on Friday.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday, 3km from the campsite.
Doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
Luke's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 95.
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp.
During the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis also wasn't shy about standing up for herself.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year.
It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Arsene Wenger is the winner of the Premier League Manager of the Month award.
It is his 14th accolade and is the same as Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including one for February 1997.
Wenger's win this month means Arsenal now have 14 overall.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Hackett senior admitted that while the threat was never reported to police, it was taken very seriously by the swimmer's family.
Paul Pogba has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved insists the midfielder will not be moving.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.
The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was given 5 years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from his colleagues and students at UCL.
The advanced maths teacher has now achieved his PHD and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
He says he trains once or twice a day to keep fit and is proud to show of his amazing body.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the Darcy suffered came from a paddle board.
Dr Wilkins described the injuries the toddler sustained as 'tram-line marks', and said he had only ever seen them inflicted on a child.
Darcy was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London.
He emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US.
The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
While racism may appear rife in the US, a separate study found that overall, Western countries are the most accepting of other cultures.
Brian and Amanda Bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son Jackson in February.
Brian thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month.
In the wake of her death, Fuller has written about her illness.
Said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and her suicide doesn't change that.
First time since records began that sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
But total sales of British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a'straitjacket' on exporters.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante.
The French midfielder has impressed for Caen this season.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday.
The 23-year-old wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The video is aptly captioned: 'Boy loses best friend'
It has so far racked up 374,551 views.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
Mr Le Pen repeated his claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history'
He also praised France’s wartime leader Marshal Petain, who collaborated with Hitler.
His granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed she would seek party's nomination.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
But during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'
The woman, then 21, said Poston was 'vain' about his looks and she gave him the 'nose job' by shooting him in the face.
Poston's family
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
The Dutchman has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to health.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday.
Her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations.
Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have launched a bid.
Leeds owner Cellino said majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering an offer.
Cellino was disqualified from running the club in December.
The soft drink giants own three football clubs, one of them in Austria.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara.
They are currently in custody with their children - daughter Zoha, seven, and three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years.
Now the Slimming World consultant is one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time.
Britt McHenry, 28, was suspended for one week after video emerged showing her attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
She resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status.
Despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend.
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than New York.
Our public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America.
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates.
But the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd.
Manchester City's Under 18s side lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, born when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy, aged 76-years-old.
Since then Claire, 52, and I have had a second child, Poppy.
It has just been announced that 74-year-old Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
With more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March, some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour in the show’s over-the-top depiction of Americans on the slopes.
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their mansion.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February.
She cut a striking figure in March in a Stella McCartney dress.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
The duplex has two levels, five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when her dog Ben was stolen.
She put up posters near her Bristol home but received a call threatening to cut him up.
The caller gave the address of an empty house and a phone number.
Mrs Garton says a number of her posters have now been ripped down.
Disturbing images taken at execution site in Ghanzi, eastern Afghanistan.
Men, women and children were seen huddled together on fringe of the site.
They were then shot in the head at point-blank range by Taliban fighters.
Hundreds of locals had gathered to witness the public killings earlier today.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson (stomach) is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas (dead leg) and Steven Pienaar (knee) are back in contention.
Aubrey de Grey believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
His theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
PayPal boss Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to de Grey's anti-ageing institute Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence.
Senescence is scientific jargon for ageing.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
The ECB want to 'create a culture' in which captain Alastair Cook had 'the full support of all players'
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older brother Christopher killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi.
Sarabi escaped from handlers on March 21 after being dropped by musher
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper.
Major Draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral two years ago.
Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales.
The pair have been on several dates in the past few months.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness.
A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, Jean Paul Getty III, never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious kidnapping.
Velella velella are covered by thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures.
They are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington by strong winds this time of year.
The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van.
Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old.
Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday.
Fred Hatch, 76, was beaten to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
She found blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten.
Alan Rogers, 73, was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, launched a series of missiles at police.
He raced back to safety after launching the missiles at six heavily armed officers.
The incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round.
The Canadian top seed has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg.
Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must focus on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview.
Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland.
West Ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro.
The Hammers join fellow Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers.
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
England were dressed by Umbro when Bobby Moore lifted the World Cup in 1966.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo.
The 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
He will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday.
Maflin is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions.
Labour leader Ed Miliband will pledge to'restore Britain's commitment'
He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of European exit'
Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe.
But he will say it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay, by 1% with Labour’s Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis (HRMA) researchers can now identify the difference between each twin.
HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature.
The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
This could be caused
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday.
Spurs move onto tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division.
No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.
Visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet.
It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers.
Highly unpopular regulations that went into effect in March 2014 banned tattoos below the knee or elbow.
Under those regulations, any soldier with tattoos was barred from seeking apromotion to warrant officer or commissioning as an officer.
Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form.
His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa rang the New York Stock Exchange opening bell on Monday.
The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC.
Lucy Garrod, 27, developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion.
It was caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree.
But she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with honours.
Tests show Avastin gives women around four months’ extra life.
Drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF)
It has been available in England via the CDF since last March pending licensing.
Salvina Formosa has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week.
NSW Health's community-based program Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life.
He was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
The child actor appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom.
Ray Romano, 57, who worked with Sawyer for nine years, said he was 'terribly saddened, by the news'
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
The 20-year-old has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
But fresh pictures have emerged of him with Jordon Ibe.
Sterling and Ibe were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a Shisha cafe in London earlier this season.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed.
David's sister Anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday.
He spent an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise.
The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia.
Alessandra Ambrosio stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
The 34-year-old model stars in sexy street-style fashion shoot in São Paulo.
Mother-of-two is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models.
The terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'
Those who pass will be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday.
The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Australia dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
England players deserve to go on to the field knowing they have been given the best chance of winning.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
The England captain left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him.
But Cook drove when the option arose.
He is stronger mentally than anyone he will face, so he just has to carry on showing the same discipline.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, 33, in Kings Cross on January 3.
His legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
The positive test happened at a Kroger in Port Huron, Michigan.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week.
Claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents.
Norway's Child Protection Service argued it was targeting Lithuanian children.
It said it was deliberately targeting the'sought-after commodity'
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth.
He calculated that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.
This means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example.
Study claims aliens are larger than those portrayed in sci-fi films.
But the calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity.
Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at home in Dublin, Virginia.
His body was found in a septic tank near the family home March 26.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect.
Their 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister.
Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
He said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism'
Ukip leader dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote Madidi national park.
A tree toppled onto her during a storm in north-west Bolivia.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world.
Her parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods.
But the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury.
The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot.
Burton had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9.
David Healy said the myth that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact.
He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream truck business in Gloversville'
Scott pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was given a fine.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm.
The Real Madrid defender then struck out towards the Atletico Madrid striker.
Mandzukica fell to the ground after tussling with the Real defender.
Atletico travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
He is accused of robbing 18 Dover businesses from September 2014 to February 2015.
Police say Jenkins cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled.
Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year.
Experts at Johns Hopkins University presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability, predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or 100 within five years.
North Korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in February 2013.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.
Harry Kane and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.
Austin scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co.
The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
Many will see the move as a sign that New Jersey governor Christie, 52, is coming closer to seeking the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact.
Maajid Nawaz was jailed in Egypt for his commitment to the group.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light in Virginia on January 10.
They claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone.
The officer sprayed Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received fine after they took newborn out.
In process of getting out of car ticket fell on floor just underneath driver's seat.
Couple exchanged letters with council over the next two years.
Row escalated from initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on door.
Council insist they followed the correct procedures and made 'appropriate decision'
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal.
Discussions were scheduled to cease at Midnight on Tuesday if Iran was still unwilling to agree to terms set forth by Russia, China, Britain, Germany, the U.S
Ms McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436.
She has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the'scurrilous' campaign against her.
The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell.
Tim Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season.
The 46-year-old has taken over at Aston Villa on Saturday.
Sherwood believes Mauricio Pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at Tottenham.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year.
Some of the messages included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria.
The 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendraalia Halle's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as Bruce and Louetta Schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance.
The Schwabs live east of Dallas and during their recent visit to central Texas Hill Country decided to visit the old hall, where patrons paid about $20 to hear Bobby Jordan and the Ridgecreek Band.
A preservation group says old Texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing.
Ben Flower said that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia every day.
The Wigan Warriors forward was handed a six-month ban for the attack.
Flower is preparing to return to rugby league but is mentally scarred.
Almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as their third coach of the season.
The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Barjuan will coach Almeria's away match at Barcelona on Wednesday.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner.
Leutner survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But a judge ruled Friday that she is a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Education Secretary says Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea'
She would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on Eurosceptic party.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector.
He discovered a medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph.
The WW1 star medal is thought to have belonged to his brother, Lewis 'Bunny', who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915.
Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum.
It led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Frederick's great-nephew.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered site to expose ex-boyfriend Sean Meade, 45.
Claims he was 'dumped' and had to woo new woman within days of dating.
Site now says Mr Meade's address 'changes every few months'
Mr Meade said: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life'
Sammy Griner's mother, Laney, from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis.
The longer he is on the dialysis, the higher the chance that he could develop complications.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool.
Sterling's ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked.
His character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
Celebs like Lupita Nyong’o and Rachel Bilson have been spotted wearing her feminine and whimsical pieces.
The study was spawned by the Aurora, Colorado, mass shooting in 2012.
It determined that taxpayers fork out $229 billion annually because of shootings.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic, which is $224 billion.
At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the Champions League quarter-final in 2005.
The match was stopped because of flares thrown on the San Siro pitch.
AC Milan are 15 points off Champions League pace in ninth.
Inter are a point and place further behind.
Failure to qualify for next season will see both sides absent.
Michael Gridley, 26, orchestrated a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken.
He was jailed for a year at Southend Crown Court for his role in the scam.
Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Green Party demands an end to austerity with £176 billion a year spending splurge.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week.
Child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10%.
Party also pledges to pump an extra £12billion a year into NHS.
But manifesto also reveals a host of left-field pledges including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits.
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the figures were 'unverified'
He insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that employed by Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide.
He said article reflective of 'nasty underbelly of racism' in EU countries.
More than 1,750 people have died this year making perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014.
Ed Miliband accused of stooping to'shameful' new low by blaming David Cameron for the Mediterranean refugee crisis.
Hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these EmbryoScope images.
They are also helping scientists learn more about the IVF process.
The images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone.
Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air.
Mr Chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks.
She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has stopped talking.
A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added.
Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho reveals he talks to God every day, but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea.
Ashton Wood launched a campaign to destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep.
He raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car.
The car company requested he apologise for criticising them.
Mr Wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to Jeep on national television tonight.
Because no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of thieves 21 hours before they were released.
Claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'
But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage.
This is in stark contrast with response given to MailOnline hours before.
Met finally released pictures late on Saturday, while The Mirror could sell them to a number of other national titles, including this website.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
The FA chairman has been handed the backing of five former England managers.
Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Marseille came from 2-1 down to go 3-2 ahead after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
Marquinhos slammed the ball into the roof of the net from close range to make it 2-2.
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
He decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself on Facebook.
In December 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze.
Dale also gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways.
Since then, he has lost 10.5 stone and is taking part in a charity boxing match.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory.
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was'substantially damaged'
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch, a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week.
Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
England's top order collapsed in the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England.
Joe Root and Ben Stokes scored 177 for the fourth wicket.
England captain Alastair Cook was cleanled by Kemar Roach.
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb has hit out at the Modern Family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.
He said: 'I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth'
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin.
Marseille will listen to offers for the 22-year-old winger.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move if Spurs miss out on the top four this term.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard.
The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Firefighters forced entry to a flat registered to him and found jars containing various powders.
Castor beans, which can be used to make ricin, were also found.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks.
The final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24.
MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history.
Brendon McCullum, Faf du Plessis and Dwyane Bravo are among the players to watch out for.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also interested.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a fence.
Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.
The puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers on delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
But by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past empty security cubicles.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid.
The creatures were found at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram this week.
The 29-year-old Sports Illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
She says: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Since then hundreds of other women have shared their images.
Some have shared pictures of their stomachs whilst others have showed their legs and bums.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
He defrauded the taxman of £450,000 but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m.
Police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to Stoke City.
The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain.
Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or.
The 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the Chelsea defence this season.
Zouma hopes to emulate World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
Flower came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
Firefighters had to remove her from her specially-adapted flat yesterday.
At the height of the operation yesterday, there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane.
It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13.
She decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008.
Now aged 64, she said 'in a way' she thinks Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies.
Google claims latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London.
It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
It owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
The deal is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.
Qatar’s royal family is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother.
Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called.
He collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray’s wedding.
Murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance.
The former Wimbledon champion leant towards the photographer with visible concern.
Mr Jack was found to be unconscious and taken to Forth Valley Hospital.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby.
The 31-year-old was out of favour with Paul Lambert and Steve McClaren.
Bent has been on loan at Villa Park since January.
Tim Sherwood is now in charge of the Championship promotion hopefuls.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured images of the Colima volcano in Mexico.
He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles into the atmosphere.
The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico and has erupted 40 times since 1576.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
The seminar claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The idea is that, once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit, you can ‘conquer the other fires of your life with ease’
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'
But she ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Tushingham was given a 26-week suspended sentence at Halton Magistrates' Court.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday.
The Bulls took a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series.
Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors regrouped from an early deficit to down the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Portuguese midfielder has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Charles Taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, on April 4.
His suspected partner, Sean Ball, 32, who is also facing charges, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina.
Police say Taylor turned on Ball as the two were fleeing police.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Derby are targeting Real Madrid coach Paul Clement to replace him.
Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Derby County news.
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after a run of 13 games without a win.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor.
The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to drum up support before May 7.
Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people.
He has pulled pints, sipped cocktails, hurtled down a zipwire or chatted to Joey Essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury.
Food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too, from pulling pints in a Bath pub to sipping cocktails in the sun in Southampton.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.
He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
It emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face.
The 63-year-old claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient.
But witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, tribunal told.
He faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients.
Vitamin E found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate stress on immune cells.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing.
For the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E can mitigate the stress on cells.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
When her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches.
Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes.
Ilha de Mana is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
It boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again.
His sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him, and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive.
The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike.
Fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where Harrison Ford's character attempts to free fellow prisoners.
The train is now covered in grass and weeds after sitting abandoned for more than two decades.
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat.
'Series 7' seats have hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.
The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
One student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Schwartz shared many of these notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson themselves and posting their own results online.
Ronnie Carroll won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election.
He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest.
Mr Carroll's fame peaked in the 1950s and 60s, when he dated a string of women and raised hell with Sean Connery.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal.
The former Newcastle striker has not featured for the Seasiders since November.
Ranger has been AWOL since returning to London after being left out of the squad to face Birmingham in early December.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
The video maker, who speaks French, declared it ‘bataille du chameleons’, or battle of the chamelesons.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mint’s Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob Kardashian has disappeared from the public eye over the last year.
The 28-year-old is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain.
His sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Brands said Depay must'make the choice' over his next destination.
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back'
She asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'Personally I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from, and I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have'
Her comments were labelled 'dangerous', while she was described as a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the UK'
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person.
Candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times at a London cab office.
The court heard that Nargis Riaz, 22, was terrified of the attack.
Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man.
Chowdhury told Ms Riaz the attack was justified in Islam.
He said: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal's transfer dealings in the transfer window.
The Frenchman believes the Gunners need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title.
Henry also hit out at Olivier Giroud, claiming the Frenchman will struggle to win the league if he is to remain as the club's first choice striker.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son, 36-year-old David Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life, and then express just how happy she was, even though she was gone.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
United had lost their last four meetings with City.
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
Just under half of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions.
More than a quarter said they wished they had thrown caution to the wind.
Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders.
Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader'
The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends.
It is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Apart from the main house, there are two cottages, offices, a swimming pool, Jacuzzi, gym, and woodland with lakes, Japanese-style bridges, waterfalls and fountains.
Aaron Cruden ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction.
England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback.
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15 Street Station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform.
He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
Both men have seemingly unlimited resources — Bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion, Musk's at $12 billion —
Manchester United's Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the matchwinner with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket.
Booth says the national team have lost touch with the game's public.
England lost eight full series out of all formats in 2014.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.
There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol, or CBD, taken from hemp.
Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight.
Research has also suggested CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down.
Marijuana plants contain high levels of THC, classed as illegal in many countries and states, and hemp contains very little.
While hemp contains higher levels of legal CDB.
Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time.
Nine sections of the Wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
The first complete Wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
His dad Deion Sanders has a reported $40million worth.
Sanders Jr. also enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items on his social media accounts.
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world.
But travellers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane.
MailOnline Travel spoke to experts to debunk some of the myths that exist.
Airbus A380 has private sleeping quarters for flight attendants on long-haul flights.
Ten houses in Australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed.
This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut.
In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago.
Dr Sanjay Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake.
He performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
The images, which feature in the May editions of the international magazine, debuted yesterday online showcasing Carine's unique styling skills.
Manny Pacquiao will face Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago.
But it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Mayweather remains bookmakers' favourite for the $300million mega-fight.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 24-year-old was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon.
Manchester United have not won a derby at home since 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of the season as 'garbage'
United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
United travel to Old Trafford to face Louis van Gaal's side on Sunday.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 players.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts.
Also faces 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact.
Ludwigsen was hired by the school in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin.
This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy.
Lindsey Norman noticed the resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns.
The mother-of-two purchased the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough.
She said: 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
It is not the first time the Saviour has been spotted in a peculiar sighting.
Family of six pictured riding on same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman.
Three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him.
A girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him in the city.
It comes just weeks after a similar family of seven rode on the same bike.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders as members of '1%'
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery.
The Easter Show's chief operating officer Michael Collins told Fairfax the slide 'runs way too fast in the wet'
Three of the contractors escaped without injury.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse.
Was found with distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother, who rushed to hospital and pleaded with nurses to step in.
It was not until an hour had passed that she was finally assessed by a doctor.
She was taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital but never regained full consciousness.
Her oxygen levels were not checked until she was seen by ambulance crew 90 minutes
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.
Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress.
There were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn, taking them all down like skittles.
Islamic State militants deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in Syria.
The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
Food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States.
ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
He allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered 'no' on the federal firearms purchasing
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy.
She cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira slotted home a late winner for Philadelphia.
Caroline Wozniacki made her French Open debut as a 17-year-old.
The Dane will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins on May 25.
She has still never won a grand slam title, although she has reached the US Open final twice.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why exactly do we snack? And would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK.
She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers.
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws.
She said commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia.
But she believes parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.
This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother.
The Indian case is similar to the controversial baby Gammy scenario.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in Liverpool on Saturday night.
Mathews won the interim WBA lightweight title.
The Canadian was handed a unanimous points decision.
Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso pulled out.
The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun.
Instead, she's flying coach and toting her own luggage.
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Marylin Stoneman stole £22,650 from her grandmother's partner.
The 64-year-old had been entrusted with his finances after he went into care.
But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
Stoneman admitted stealing money but was ordered to pay back just £1,350.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.
The 16th Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival began on Friday in the southern California desert.
Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear.
Airline Qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers.
The headsets are expected to cost between £300 and £500 each.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
Arsenal held Chelsea to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed Weinstein groped her during 'business meeting' at his office.
It has been claimed she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue criminal case.
She was eventually interviewed by Manhattan DA prosecutors on April 1.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Brazilian midfielder Anderson was sent off for Internacional on Wednesday.
The 28-year-old shoved Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto.
Fabricio also saw red for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans.
Anderson ended his seven-and-a-half year association with United.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd.
Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
The Canadian star is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend.
Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding or fertility treatment.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
The full-time mother says that the couple can't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage.
A spokesman for the Horeca Vlaanderen restaurant chain said 'this could only happen when a customer is explicitly told this service is charged for'
Alastair Cook needs runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain.
England’s failure to win the first Test leaves Cook in the spotlight.
Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater by three teenage girls.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in La Liga on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight.
Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquiao $120m.
The world is waiting their collision with bated breath.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Rangers.
Former Rangers boss says Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding.
McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge.
Smith attended a John Hartson Foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations.
Doctors said he would not survive after he was born, but he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
Ander Herrera has impressed Barcelona's scouts throughout his career.
The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old.
Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira.
Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson.
A tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on Twitter on Thursday morning.
The tweet was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda, who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger.
2UE has just merged with rival station 2GB, which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
Cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area.
Councillor Steve Simpson believes a short-stay camping site close to the beach would encourage seasoned travellers, retirees and various campervan users to the areas.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked.
Ms King, also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone, had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor.
She said she decided to pen a novel during an argument with her son.
At one point, he shouted: 'I'm not proud that my mother had sex with her sister'
Stains' coat was cut to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers.
Owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
Similar to a lion, the dog’s tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous NBA best of 272 made in a single season.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and fellow Top Gear presenters were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May, 52, said he had ordered last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale in bright orange.
He said the 'draft version' of contract was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
Clarkson was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month and Richard Hammond confirmed he will not return this week.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
This has made the element extremely difficult to study.
Scientists have now been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park.
Tottenham went into the game at Staines Town sitting sixth in the league.
Win would have taken them joint top with the Red Devils.
The defending champions were only three points behind the north London outfit.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel.
Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto managed to get 25-year-old Hector Valles out of his SUV and stamp out his burning clothes.
Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted.
By Monday, it remained unclear why Valles veered off of I-30 before crashing into a pillar, nearly ending his life Sunday.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second on the list.
Arjen Robben, Asier del Horno and Paddy McNair also make the top 10.
Tottenham are interested in signing Julian Weigl from 1860 Munich.
The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming.
Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over to assist her and told her to stop pushing - but there was no stopping baby Malachi.
The mother and son were rushed to hospital, where they were met by his dad and older siblings.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August.
The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night.
Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced.
A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace.
It was then displayed at the gates to retain 'the theatre' of a genuine royal occasion.
Royal sources say there will be less ceremony around the delivery of the piece of paper.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.
Allen won a championship with Gillingham and hopes to soon do the same with Barnet.
Gary Rowett Gary Rowett is winning so many games and doing so well at Birmingham City.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing 2014.
The Barcelona star says he has tried to 'get back to my best'
Messi is top of the La Liga table with 45 goals from 44 games.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarter final.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Liverpool also expect to announce Jordan Henderson's new contract this week.
Tomas Francis impressed up against Alex Corbisiero at Sandy Park.
The 22-year-old qualifies for both England and Wales.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January.
The 23-year-old joined the club on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership title next month.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi finals on Sunday.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham.
The 31-year-old striker has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
He has been criticised for several underwhelming performances.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre in January.
His chilling words follow the arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons.
DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car on Sunday.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the service.
They ask people to send their messages in, at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo.
The service has already caught the attention of one big company, Burger King.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters.
Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing.
RFU said Mariano Galarza should have been ineligible for the match.
Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Aviva Premiership.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at the Counter-Terror Expo.
London-born ISIS execution Jihadi John is being used to recruit'misfits'
The real aim is to kill and get footage of that to propagate message, he said.
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
The Houston father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
There are about 26,000 Yanomeami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains.
Liverpool fans are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged £50 for their sets.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs.
They have regularly held up banners at stadiums saying they are 'against modern football'
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson.
The link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence.
Not all accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous, reports Fox News.
Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
Defoe's strike was his third for the Black Cats this season.
The 32-year-old was unable to do anything about his strike as he watched it fly into the net.
Sunderland were unrecognisable from the side who conceded four in the first half against Aston Villa.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
The grandmother-of-four and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds.
Mrs Senior, who is also a painter, left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman
Real Madrid return to training a day after Champions League clash with Atletico.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes.
Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
Neilson has already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Madonna posted image of Thatcher on Instagram - before deleting it.
The 56-year-old pop star offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
Some of Madonna's fans took umbrage to the post and said she had gone 'a step too far'
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal.
The American controlled the Japanese for nearly the entire five-round bout.
Johnson scored the latest submission win in UFC history.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first bout since 2011.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled.
Djokovic apologised via Facebook to the boy's parents.
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is a specialist science college.
The girl's drink was spiked with hydrochloric acid during a science lesson.
She was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the corrosive liquid.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said the school is taking the matter'very seriously'
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.
Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
'He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000.
to have him killed,' Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly said.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, features on the front cover of Good Housekeeping's May issue.
The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
She shares her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’
It’s designed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have.
It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size.
The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants.
Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years.
The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine, ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend.
He is the third oldest man in the field behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
Russian researchers have dated the unusual'screw' to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
Experts suggest that the object is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
However, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer – that the ‘screw’ is actually a marine animal.
It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘sea lily’ – a type of Crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult, to tether itself to the seab
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
Blanca Cousins, 15, and her 14-year-old sister were never registered.
Couple also questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa.
Police said girl, Blanca Cousins, had been unhappy and locked herself in bathroom.
She fell to her death as her parents tried to unlock the door at 1.46am on Tuesday.
Mr Cousins is managing director of Hong Kong arm of Jardine Lloyd Thompson.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style.
Dip-dye and a bowl are all that is needed to update last year’s festival staple.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.
The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
Sale Sharks are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership.
Steve Diamond's side travel to London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks.
Rosa Camfield, 101, was born in June of 1913 and died Monday.
The picture of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph.
Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression to a difficult divorce in the 1950s.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
The 22-year-old warehouse worker said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community.
Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
‘It was definitely deliberate, I honestly think it was made to harm,' she said.
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
Other experts also warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote.
Mr Whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race.
Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season.
It was the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
Ed Balls said he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Shadow chancellor said it would be a 'betrayal of the English vote'
SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month.
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Watson has been charged in all three homicides, with police cited DNA evidence.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips were on holiday in the Canary Islands when they were attacked.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking the frail, elderly couple.
He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Mr Phillips walked with a crutch because of a hip replacement operation.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect him to be fit enough.
But Van Persie reported good news for United fans on Wednesday.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook.
Manager Luke Parkerson defended the decision to bar Mr Dotchin.
Glynis Barber is the half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.
She has changed what and how she eats under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli.
In the process, she says, she has transformed her health and her figure.
The In-Sync Diet is backed up by credible new research.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
The Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Of 303 Tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50 km/h zone last year.
He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Queen of the South beat Rangers 3-0 at Palmerston Park in Dumfries.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for the Ibrox side with a first-half strike.
Gavin Reilly doubled Rangers' lead with an own goal in the second half.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats in a World Heritage Site.
But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage walked free from an Indonesian prison after nine months.
The 23-year-old surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman.
Drage said he cannot wait to get back in the water.
He said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again.
He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will play Sterling at Arsenal on Saturday.
Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopian-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts, as well as Plan International's Because I Am A Girl.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead.
The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir was $5million.
Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event at Sage Valley Golf Club.
He met Brad Dalke, 17, and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle.
Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page.
The 17-year-old will join Oklahoma University in the autumn.
David Turner's new book, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history.
It was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days.
Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellions in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Before a child is given any treatment at all they are assessed by at least five doctors.
In November 2014, Family Court Chief Justice Diana Bryant said she would like an examination into
Ivan Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992.
He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
His nephew Alistair Shipsey has compiled the letters into a $32 book.
Shipsey, a former Rebels bikie gang member, has been banned from visiting Milat in prison.
'I get my share of women writing to me - some real good looking ones, too (if it’s their photographs they’re sending),’ Milat wrote to his nephew
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II.
Among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring.
The sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States when it sunk just off Kauai in April 1824.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put his side ahead with a stunning strike in the 21st minute.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes of the game.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle.
Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3.
The show pulled in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million.
In Williams' continued absence, well-liked veteran Lester Holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at NBC.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing.
But researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves.
This combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum.
Driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
It's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
One astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the originally advertised price.
Lisa Heath, 45, was a teaching assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted.
But she later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession.
The maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is five years in prison.
For supply the penalty is up to 14 years imprisonment and a fine.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed and the teenager was re-arrested.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
The alleged plot could have been executed any time in the next week after police found knifes and swords in the teenager's homes.
It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager.
The Chelsea boss said Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
Mourinho had just made his first impression on the Champions League by knocking out United with unfancied Porto.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
He said Alex Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.
Mr Farage said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
The Ukip leader said it showed that people in the North East are 'particularly tough'
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake.
Authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature.
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to African countries.
They are dumped in gigantic landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Brokers manage to ship containers of illegal e
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
She eats lean and green meals every day, with only the occasional 'cheat day'
She also goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene.
The monkey approaches the woman with its outstretched hands.
Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin.
The lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey begins tucking into the banana.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire.
They then set fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families.
Attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram in neighbouring Chad are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks.
The 45-year-old man suffered from arteriovenous malformation for 20 years.
This caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
He underwent the 27-hour procedure to reconstruct his neck, mouth, tongue and throat.
It took a team of 45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists 27 hours.
The man, who did not want to be identified, is now living a normal life.
Chris Brynarsky was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Cosentino said he never thought anyone would see the inside of the bumper, but it resurfaced nine years later, in Chris' father's body shop in Charlotte.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The 23-year-old was celebrating Andros Townsend's equalising goal.
Mason's tattoo has been retweeted more than 20,000 times.
Cryos International is moving its offices to the Central Florida Research Park in Orlando.
It is located just yards from the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year.
Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $750 per month.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The mozzie is known for its black and white stripes.
It can spread crippling diseases like dengues, chikunguya and yellow fever.
In February authorities were forced to step up bio security at Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds.
A person was struck by a train between Surbiton and Wimbledon this afternoon.
South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its services following the incident.
The closure meant several trains and countless staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife.
He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl.
He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
The incident took place at about 5.30pm on Sunday.
Perez was arrested at the scene and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother.
When they came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
The incredible moment was captured by reserve ranger and wildlife filmmaker Rob Vamplew.
Kieron Power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars.
His wife had been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van.
A week after she received the ticket given out by a council CCTV'spy car'
Mr Power, from Esher, Surrey, was on his way home after taking the photographs.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
They say Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
While Freeh told police that he has no memory of the crash, it's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while going about 60 to 65
Jimmy Abdou broke the deadlock with a rare strike in the 75th minute.
Wigan Athletic's Martyn Waghorn was sent off for a foul on Aiden O'Brien.
Magaye Gueye equalised for Millwall in the third minute of stoppage time.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Sloan told detectives that he attacked Knight but testified on Monday
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less'
Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a law 'fixing' his state's controversial legislation on Thursday.
Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great' with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
Nancy has also threatened to write a memoir of her time in Number 10.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, survey finds.
Of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today.
Part of the reason is the widespread loss of traditional hedgerows.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying at half-time in an FA Cup match.
The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March.
Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, face charges of tampering with a witness.
They are accused of sexually assaulting a new recruit with a chorizo sausage.
The incident took place at Emergency Service District 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie, Texas, in January.
In the recording, men can be heard 'yelling and laughing with excitement' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes.
Real Madrid are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie.
She and her husband Joe charted their own success through a series of selfies.
The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come.
Beatrice, 26, opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia.
She was greeted by a flag-waving crowd outside the school in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
The engagement is the second in less than four days for the Princess.
Beatrice has been criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event.
Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase.
A.P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake in what is his last ever Grand National festival.
The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester, Tennessee.
Some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was also a wheelbarrow filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other.
The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond.
Clare Balding and Alice Arnold married in 2006 at Chiswick House, West London.
The 44-year-old said they returned to register office where civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006.
Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in UK.
BBC political editor Nick Robinson made brief return to TV screens last night.
His voice sounded weak and strained after treatment for lung tumour.
But he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse Labour's manifesto.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble I have caused them'
He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings were destroyed.
Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice'
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event.
The West Ham striker and Southampton right back were in Knightsbridge.
Event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Greek PM Alexis Tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin last month.
Germany insists the issue was resolved legally years ago.
The demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the International Monetary Fund.
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the Sierra Nevada in early April.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the snowpack since 1950.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma at Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford.
The state Supreme Court last fall ruled against her claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions.
Treatments were ordered for at least six months after doctors said the teen had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy, but faced a near certainty of death within two years without it.
But after she was declared by doctors to be in remission in March, her lawyer and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes.
This week she released 'My Love Affair with Food'
The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes with Daily Mail Australia.
Despite having a health and wellbeing website, Hutton is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy.
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Earlier David Cameron said the day was a time to 'celebrate all that was great with England'
National Front leader Marine Le Pen, 46, named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people.
She says her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic.
The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen who recently announced she would oppose her father, Jean-Marie, on his candidacy in France's regional elections.
A video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad shows tourists how it's done.
Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
As the guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air, the mob of emus started coming closer.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will sign off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
It is the biggest Labour lead in a Survation poll since February.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler.
He then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.
His trainer Terry Claybon told Yahoo: 'Gradually we built up, day-by-day, to 2,000'
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop Cameron up in power.
He insisted on pushing ahead with plan to slash £12billion from benefits bill.
Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
But he defended his record in government with Mr Cameron.
Thousands of Newcastle United fans stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game.
Several hundred gathered outside of St James’ Park before kick-off.
There they unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from the club, who earlier this month returned record profits of £18.7million.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75 when he died Sunday.
Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s.
He had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode Island State Police report.
In 1996, he was convicted of extortion and became the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders.
Nigel Farage was at the centre of fresh controversy after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in the South Thanet constituency.
Far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
They were led by Gary Field, a former regional organiser for the English Defence League.
Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for Mr Farage’s arrival.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a 'brilliant operator'
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line.
Reading manager Steve Clarke and his players will rally round the Australian.
Federici left the field in tears as Clarke tried to console him.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record at Augusta.
Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
The world's top two players have a combined age of 46.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Stuart McCall wants his side to end their away-day blues at Dumbarton.
Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
Jihadi group claim responsibility for 108 attacks in opening five hours.
A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan targeted.
Over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
Taliban have been waging an insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception.
They believe the changes could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the pill.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more goals.
Jurgen Klopp's side have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York.
Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live.
The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He had been called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death.
The man, who has not been otherwise identified, also told the imam that there was no need for his son to accompany him again when he did come back.
Arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man asking for the building quote.
Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer.
Neanderthals may have been the world's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet.
Scientists have found traces of compounds in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain.
They suggest they may have used them to make food more palatable.
Animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by Neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks.
This suggests that fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones.
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims, high school students, died in the tragedy.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol.
Senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury.
He gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights.
But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control.
The dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the HGV driver.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Ben Ellery's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers.
The 38-year-old boxer hits back at his 'haters' ahead of his bout with Manny Pacquiao.
Video shows Mayweather flaunting his wealth and luxurious properties.
It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in boxing history.
Tickets for the fight were expected to cost between £1,000 and £5,000.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for several hours.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.
Travis was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial.
Today he was told he will be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop Benteake.
Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson set for midfield battle at Wembley.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana on July 13, 2013 soon after giving birth.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her.
Manchester United to introduce living wage at Old Trafford in July.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Children posted picture of teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media.
She was arrested for driving with an invalid licence on Friday.
Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis suspended three pupils.
School officials justified suspension by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'
Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor.
The 21-year-old had fallen from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of August 1.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Coventry-based club maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly looks certain to be included in Stuart Lancaster's England's World Cup training squad named next month.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release.
Wheatley absconding from Standford Hill prison in Kent and went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey.
Justice Secretary Chris Grayling publicly announced that the Government was 'tearing up the system as it exists at the moment'
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check.
They were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed.
The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
It could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
Ricks is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket, according to investigators.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are front-runners for the job.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England.
Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters is credited with helping Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it.
But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Christie said in his interview Tuesday he thinks he thinks Clinton is vulnerable and promised, 'If I run, I will beat her'
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems.
Poll will ease Tory jitters, showing that with less than a month to go to election day, Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Amazingly, his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed in 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.
When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs of her, according to the lawsuit.
Her mother, Christina, has filed a lawsuit against the Cook County Sheriff's Office in Illinois and the trial is scheduled to begin next week.
She accused the deputies of perpetuating false rumors that the car crashed because her daughter was on top of Sord.
Mohamed Morsi was sentenced to 20 years in prison for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court in Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges.
Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in government crackdown.
M&S general merchandise sales up 0.7% after 14 consecutive quarters of losses.
Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt.
Sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy have also helped increase sales.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
Schoenig took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!'
She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
The father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes, guitars and artwork.
Brockie, who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon Oderus Urungus, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014.
Medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw.
Both will miss the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu next week.
Neither player were happy with referee Milorad Mazic.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
She had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in Ratby, Leics.
Two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door, pushing her way past her love rival's 19-year-old student daughter.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways.
The wall, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints.
Some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period.
At first glance, it appears that large dinosaurs such as the Titanosaurs and armoured Ankylosauruses hauled their considerable bulks up the incredibly steep slope
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need.
But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
They have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
At issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire, returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served during World War I in Gallipoli.
The 30-year-old was awarded a Victoria Cross medal for his 48-hour effort.
He lobed live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine.
LCpl Keysor even caught some of the bombs in mid-air.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas.
The 25-year-old was unable to drive it through the rising, fast flowing waters.
Hardy was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Last year Hardy was convicted of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to a report in Italy.
Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer.
Cavani has admitted that he is concerned about playing out of position.
Manchester United also hold an interest in Cavani.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia present Cervantes Prize for Literature.
New book claims Juan Carlos II had decade-long affair with German socialite.
The 47-year-old monarch took the Spanish throne last June.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level.
Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season.
James Milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options.
Protein World advert asks: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The spoof advert has been subject to outrage from feminists and body image campaigners.
Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad.
Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Catherine Zeta-Jones rubs honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles.
Manchester City star Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy unveiled the mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo dined at San Carlo restaurant.
United players had just returned from Chelsea's 1-0 defeat on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side beat West Ham 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium.
Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions.
One veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
A rare deep sea oarfish has washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho scored the winner after 161 goalless minutes.
Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time by Simon Eastwood.
Rudy Gestede came on to energise Blackburn but struggled with a hamstring problem.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final.
Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina.
Ospina has won 11 of 12 Premier League games since the chop.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging'
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans and MEP Diane James also spoke.
Polls suggest 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10% of women.
Nigel Farage is often photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, has been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
The charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys.
Chapman resigned from Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia as the investigation got underway.
A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house on Lakeside Drive at Muskingum University last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, Ohio, but they have refused to release her name.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction.
The Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation.
Curry hit seven 3s in all, including one to start overtime that gave Warriors lead for good.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee 113-106 in double overtime to take 3-0 series lead.
Dylan Miller, 21, has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp since September.
Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear.
He hopes living in his hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury.
Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer has given his starters generous rest.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The infant was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community, 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, that can help them with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told practice nurse Xara Grogan, 29, they were stuck with wrong partner.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
Also blamed her for fall-out with another dental practice, tribunal told.
Miss Grogan was awarded £16,500 compensation and 'hurt feelings' as well as back pay.
Richard III was depicted by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad'
But a 3D reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’
This means he was very far from being a hunchback, experts claim.
Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the closing stages.
Darlington Nagbe and Aurelien Collin were the Timbers biggest threat.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York.
She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since.
Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Thames Water have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer.
Already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut last August.
Jose Mourinho watched him play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham.
Chelsea are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper Petr Cech.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour.
Clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday - including Australian states such as NSW.
The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley.
The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster.
Paisley sat down with the former Chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election, crushing the Tories and trouncing Labour.
Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since ankle injury.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out.
Bayern Munich captain has made only two substitute appearances since breaking his ankle in training on November 18.
Temperatures are set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F)
That would be the hottest this year so far, according to forecasters.
Lori Smith filmed her dog Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time.
Ken Doherty is two frames away from crashing out of World Championships qualifying.
The 45-year-old won the title in 1997 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield.
Graeme Dott is a former world champion, winning the showpiece event.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power.
The feline and one of its companions were left hungry and with dented pride as the young hippo escaped from the incident unscathed.
Walton Canonry in one of Britain's most exclusive postcodes is on the market for £6.95million.
The Grade I listed property boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies.
Painting inspired by a view from the exclusive area was bought by The Tate for £23.1million in 2013.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York.
He was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile.
The Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
Hormone therapy is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer.
It can't cure the cancer, but can help keep it under control.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods, researchers say.
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
Meanwhile a Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1g fat.
David Hyche developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Now Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
Tiger Woods confirmed he will play at the Masters this week.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from hip displasia and scoliosis.
The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly.
She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) and needs to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Liam, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Despite her hip problems, Lynn had wanted a natural delivery but had to have a
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had Clostridium perfringens.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Six specimen samples from people who visited the pub on April 20 last year were taken.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in Grand National at Aintree.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race.
But Nicholls said it was unfair to tie the horse down to a gelding.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final day.
McIlroy shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place.
The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters at Augusta.
Jordan Spieth won his first major title with victory at the Masters.
Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder.
The father-of-four was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is.
But a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car.
It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'
Nicola Sturgeon launched her SNP manifesto today, boasting she can 'lead the UK' with polices on British foreign policy, benefits, energy bills and English university tuition fees.
Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to vote SNP, handing the party dozens of seats.
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building in L.A.'s Fairfax district.
It's owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb for £3016 a month.
Cobain and Courtney Love lived there in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born.
Tory supporters love a good trashy plane read, while Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights.
UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday.
Almost half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful New Zealand.
John Terry named his PFA Team of the Year on Instagram.
Philippe Coutinho was voted Premier League's finest.
Harry Kane was named Young Player despite scoring 19 league goals.
Youssouf Mulumbu was left red-faced after tweeting his own PFA team of the year.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps.
They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
However, male chimps tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
The findings were surprising as most hunting behaviour is conducted by males.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta.
The Northern Irishman is ranked 111th in the world at present.
McIlroy has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle.
Their family home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macqurie, had lost power on Wednesday.
The children's mother decided take Kai, Sophie and Aussie for a walk in a nearby park.
Wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos.
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents.
A lonely man has taken his search for love online, posting an advertisement complete with his desires, or'requirements'
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree.
The 31-year-old's advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be'
He promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered'
It will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to play a controversial FA Cup final.
Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag.
The anniversary is being marked in Manchester by the National Football Museum whose exhibition The Greater Game: Football & The First World War tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker had around 80,000 fans wanting to thank him personally at the end.
Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game.
Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1995 when a pipe burst during the winter.
He and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, also 37, were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Their mother passed away in 2013 after a 12-year battle with breast cancer.
Tracy Morgan was seen out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven on Monday.
It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield.
The 23-year-old hopes to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
The investigation found that other deputies raised concerns about Bates' behavior in the field, almost from the start of his tenure.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco.
While the glamorous Scolaro sisters 'partied with A-list movie stars', self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades.
Their message to the 'haters' remains exactly the same: 'Keep watching and enjoying. There is more to come'
Two famous wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' in Dakar.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
Wrestling is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled.
England forward Theo Walcott scored five out of 10 for his performance.
Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances at the Juventus Stadium.
Italy manager Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle receive high plaudits for the part they played in the 1-1 draw with England.
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
The London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
After doctors in the UK turned him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching Botched doctors about getting back implants on last season's show.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney.
The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine.
It sees a 'vampire girl' prey on unsuspecting late-night walkers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up to her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen chasing her 'victims' through the park.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for Alan Pardew's side.
Pardew left the Eagles two days before the Premier League season kicked off.
Carlo Ancelotti faces dilemma of trying to fit in his array of stars.
Spanish paper AS reports seven players into six spots doesn't go.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available.
Corriere dello Sport focuses on the internal struggles at Inter Milan.
Councils in Manchester have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit.
Manchester drivers have demanded refunds and want to know why the council is yet to upgrade its machines.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash out again this summer.
The Chilean has said his side need to sign a 'crack' player.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the French club.
The 33-year-old now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books.
Nik Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules.
No distance for the performance has been set yet, but Wallenda, 36, said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing.
She was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her.
They were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling.
Bower, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, Kansas City, had advertised more than 1,000 items on Facebook.
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Esteban Cambiasso scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat said: 'Allan was and always will be a stalwart in South Africa'
Craig Gardner scored twice as West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0.
The Baggies now sit eight points clear of the bottom three.
Tony Pulis' side have lost their last three Premier League games.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.
Price founded the company in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University.
The company processes credit card payments for small businesses.
High street chains are calling time on cut-price promotions that go on forever.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ella Beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring lyrics.
She had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly from Rooftops.
Ian Watkins, 37, was sent to prison for 35 years for child sex offences.
Ella said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes.
Thames Valley Police called Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
The canal boat was moored near a children's play area in Christchurch Meadows, where the River Thames flows through Reading.
Officers spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter.
The car was carrying a replica of the car used in the Back to the Future films.
Officers joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie.
Scientists have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
Gates are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house.
Inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.
Angela Morales has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.
Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
Sonia and her husband Rony, who live in Providence, Rhode Island, decided to 'keep her no matter what'
John Terry scored Chelsea's second goal in 3-1 win at Leicester on Wednesday.
The 34-year-old's goal took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions.
Terry's goal return is better than Manchester City's Edin Dzeko.
Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United - scoring only four goals.
A mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy.
His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the service men and women of World War I.
Woolworths has been slammed for its unauthorised use of the word 'Anzac' in an ad and forcibly shut down by the government.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week.
But her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with fleet of robots delivering linen, children's cinema and helicopter landing pad.
NHS will not publish this year's accounts until after the UK general election on May 7.
Last year, nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health.
The average public spending per person in the UK is just under £9,000 – but only £8,700 in England.
Chelsea defender Wallace has been released without charge.
The 20-year-old was questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence'
Wallace was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to Excelsior.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Briton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix.
Hamilton is now 27 points behind Nico Rosberg in the drivers' standings.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the hamlet of Pierres.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Saskia scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 in the Arsenal test.
Her boyfriend gave her an 'A' and rewarded her by not ending their relationship.
Some Twitter users hailed the unnamed boyfriend as a 'legend'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts.
Simon then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down.
Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide.
Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
Bell threatened to post footage of their sex trysts online if she did not receive £55.
She then increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means our bodies overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Many scientists believe modern society, with its mania for sanitation and easy access to antibiotics, makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens.
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
Jumping onto its bed before rolling off and crashing into the back of its mother.
Blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Reading at Bloomfield Road.
Lee Clark admitted they face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
Blackpool fans gathered outside the directors' box to protest against Karl Oyston.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
It allows customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice.
Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf.
The 19-year-old from Blairgowrie considers driving the ball his strongest suit.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urges aviation industry to develop system.
He says it could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
They believe he deliberately crashed plane into French mountainside on March 24.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose, has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Sylvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
Says that pica can be very dangerous when, like Silvia, you are eating rocks.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California on Monday morning.
His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated.
Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something.
While inside, someone stole the car, and he and his wife immediately called officers.
When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home.
That is when Suzanne reportedly grew
Part-time actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight.
Staff told him his pease pudding could 'technically' be classed as Semtex.
But he was allowed through with his snacks and was simply warned to pack them in hold luggage the next time he was travelling.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
Gayla met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
The promise that all over-75s will get a guaranteed same-day GP appointment will raise eyebrows among critics who say GPs are already struggling.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson.
The teens' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night.
The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it.
Footage shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears, wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard.
He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead and was trying to make a complaint about it.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee.
Lee's son Marc Lee was killed in Ramadi in August 2006.
The 28-year-old was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq.
He was awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man.
He is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir.
His rulers have refused to give the West Pakistan Refugees the right to own property or vote in state elections.
They have fallen foul of a pre-independence law that only grants citizenship to people born in the old undivided kingdom of Kashmir.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow.
Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle.
She has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through tube.
Survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by Unison.
Almost a quarter giving medication such as morphine had received no training.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa.
When he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite defeats.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Manchester United beat champions Manchester City 4-2 in the derby.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal in the win.
Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father.
Keith Whitworth, 61, jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse against three children.
'He would tell me: 'I'm only doing this because I love you,' she said.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Around 5,700 pensioners are diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK.
In 1975 just 7.9 per 100,000 were diagnosed - a seven-fold increase.
The huge increase is blamed on the cheap package holiday boom dating from the 1960s.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Colin Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months yesterday.
Heath, who was in a relationship with Miss Woolley at the time, admitted manslaughter.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2.
Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has warned Sinfield he will be a 'target'
Former leader spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas.
He suggested that President Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early.
Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon.
And said comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on US national security.
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina.
Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal for Manchester City.
Mauro Zarate has not made an impression at Loftus Road.
Callum McManaman's move to West Brom has coincided with relegation.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB.
KP has a Twitter following of nearly 2.5million.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
Tehsin Nayani has chosen the upcoming 10th anniversary of their Manchester United takeover to write a book about his six seasons as the Glazer Gatekeeper.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created following a request from an unnamed buyer in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers.
They told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
The unnamed inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event.
The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena.
Kei Nishikori was crowned Barcelona Open champion for the second consecutive year.
The Japanese world number five beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6- 4.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
Gerard Pique and Shakira were in the stands as they watched.
Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen.
It has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment.
Saudi-led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Houthis.
The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space.
UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
The storm brought enough snow to the Sierra near Lake Tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the California Highway Patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway.
In the Sierra, up to 6 inches of snow was expected above 7,000 feet, with 2 to
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted.
Arsenal and Manchester United are both interested in the Southampton midfielder.
Liverpool are interested in signing a striker who turns 23 in July.
Danny Ings is out of contract this summer and his scoring exploits have made him a target for top clubs.
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago.
Some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, while others appear to occur after death.
Daspletosaurus is thought to have lived a violent life involving battles with other members of its own species, according to a study in 2010.
T-rex was popularly depicted as a dangerous but dim-witted loner.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at West Brom on Saturday.
The Leicester City striker scored their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive.
Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after anorexia.
She began strict diet regime at 16, living off black tea and coffee.
Determined to lose weight, she would go for up to three days without eating.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic.
After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics.
Frank Lampard has returned to Chelsea after 13 years at the club.
The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Disney and Lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that's full of Stormtroopers, Jedis and lightsabers.
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars.
She pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Paula Creamer has called for a Women's Masters tournament for women.
Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
In the lead up to this week's Swinging Skirts LPGA Classic, Creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Eden Hazard scored the winner in Chelsea's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
The Belgian is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year.
Jose Mourinho has praised Hazard's exceptional talent and humility.
Giudice, 42, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28.
Items include Issa dress worn by Kate Middleton for engagement photos.
Also designs similar to those seen on fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Spieth has also committed to the Cadillac Match Play Championship in San Francisco next week because it is a WGC event.
The BMW PGA Championship is staged at Wentworth next month.
Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide at party.
He was found dead in his bedroom at family home in Kingsteignton, Devon.
Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, has not worked since the age of 19.
She has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since then.
Now wants £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding'
Also wants taxpayer to stump up £2,000 for honeymoon to Mexico.
Says tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence and encourage her to find job.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
The West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes.
Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals this term.
Hazard is almost three years Kane's senior.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
Despite the worrying statistics, only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans.
Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
The Sydney-based duo set aside an evening once a month to tend to their beauty maintenance needs.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin, and can even perform a Brazilian wax.
Don McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food.
British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking Government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed.
Dr Sally Norton criticised Coca-Cola's sponsorship of the London Eye.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day.
He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off.
His mother suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when left alone.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival.
She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city'
The girls' mouths 'dropped' and they and Mr Jones were asked to leave event.
Now, Ms Taylor, who had been in high-profile position for less than a month, has been fired by officials for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee'
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.
Their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later the phone rang again, calling with the same sad news.
'We all look at it as a blessing,' Doug said, '
Arsenal face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table.
The Gunners have won 11 of their last 12 games.
But Wenger needs to buy a new No 1 if they are to be title challengers.
Petr Cech would be an ideal candidate to come in.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
It is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
There are no reported injuries from the 97 passengers on board.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy'
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
But when the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Statement 90s chop made famous by Jim Carrey in Dumb And Dumber.
It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna to Robert Pattinson.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests.
Men queuing around corner for their turn to get the snip.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby.
Neville was damning in his analysis of City and freely admits he is a United fan after his years of service.
He was gobsmacked by the City players' lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero scored a late second.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today.
The petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre.
She famously announced that she was going to ‘spend, spend, spend’
The following morning her ecstatic face and headline ‘Spend, Spend, Spend’ were plastered over nearly every newspaper in the land.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy.
The 31-year-old was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher in 2007.
He was seen looking at a £105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city.
Sollecite and his former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March.
They were both sentenced to four years in prison but were acquitted in 2011.
But Italy's highest court last month overturned the 2014 convictions and declined to order another trial.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day.
Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school.
Qatar's Constellation Group bought majority stake in Claridge's, Connaught and Berkeley Hotel.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family.
They boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million.
Last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.
Users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's hits.
Spotify and its rivals are working hard to understand tastes of their listeners.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 in Dublin last week.
The pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford.
Van Gerwen was sensational in Dublin averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s, as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
On the flip side, the charm offers eight 'future homes', allocating you anything from a palace, castle or estate to an abbey, manor, house, cottage – or even foreclosure.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery.
The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD?
It’s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you.
We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
The Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
Nolito has urged Messi to stay away from the Spanish coast.
Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga this season.
Campaign manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
It also encourages them to compliment people's homes in bid to win over voters.
Advice has been distributed among Green campaigners in London.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments.
Party's surge in support hit by a series of disastrous media appearances.
On a visit to the Scottish town of Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin.
It was originally put online by Jon Palmer from The Cheese House, Cromarty.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt.
The team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run from a number of angles, before the ice melted.
Hirscher became the first male alpine skier to win the overall World Cup title four times in a row.
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree, she will be following in her father's footsteps.
If you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands on exclusive travel deals.
From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season.
Messi scored twice, including one from the penalty spot, Suarez claimed two and Neymar also netted in the Nou Camp rout to take their tally to 102 in all competitions.
The Argentine wizard Messi now has 49 goals for the season, Brazilian hero Neymar has 32 and summer signing Suarez has 21.
Aljaz Bedene crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
The world No 99 has switched from Slovenia to Great Britain.
Bedene's conqueror Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
His identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls.
Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10.30pm on Monday night.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest
The tortoise was captured by John Mullineux, a chemical engineer from Secunda, South Africa.
He said: 'From a young age I have loved cheetahs for their elegance and speed - seeing two so close was dream'
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a car accident in 2010.
She gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the Air Ambulance Service.
Along with her business partner Rosemary Pringle, they dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent.
The pair rated buskers in Trafalgar Square while dressed as Simon Cowell and rode the Tube as Baywatch lifeguards.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
The crane also recovered 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.
Altcourse, the first prison in the UK to be designed and constructed for a private operator, has been criticised for drug-related violence.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments.
'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' Kristi read from one of the messages.
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
Kristi, who is due to give birth in three months, explained that she received the harsh message the day before she taped the March
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone.
The remaining'snow' isn't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass, plastic shards and goodness knows what else.
Vlad Tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes completed the 256km race through the Moroccan desert.
The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage.
He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis on Friday.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham scored.
Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
It means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste.
But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
His mother Claire, 34, said: 'It was either ignorance or evilness'
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40ft off Appley Bridge quarry, Wigan, in 2012.
Her family were warned she would almost lose her legs if she didn't.
She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay.
Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was unable to walk or stand.
In August 2013, she gave birth to her third child, Scarlett, now 19 months.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall.
They are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera.
Town hall ruled that the first floor, kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994.
The Jubbs said they obtained a certificate stating there were no planning infractions when they bought the property.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
The former Manchester United right-back feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Harrison Coogan and Hunter Coker, both 18, and Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, 19, told police they were heading to Gulf Shores for spring break celebrations.
The Louisiana State University students were found with nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the I-10 in Mobile County.
James May suggested Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of the abuse.
May is currently getting ready to tour a Top Gear spin-off around the UK.
The show will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead be presented as 'Clarkson, Hammond and May Live'
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
Charities estimate there are up to one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in 2013.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs.
Charities say state-appointed 'dog catchers' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where they are 'waiting to die'
They say
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi challenge.
The Chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range.
Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win over the pair.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson soon.
Van Gaal is preparing his side for Saturday's clash against Aston Villa.
A win for United over Aston Villa would take Van Gaal’s team above City.
Manchester City are currently second in the Premier League table.
Earl Arthur Olander was found dead at his home in rural Minnesota.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours have described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Bright yellow gatso had enforced 30mph speed limit for motorists in Birmingham.
But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Mrs Harris has been studying spirit attachment since the death of her cousin Kelly in 2000.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19.
A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports.
Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part in demos.
AshleyOut.com has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in the season.
Woman, 19, was changing in cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Buckinghamshire.
She noticed a man looking under bottom of cubicle and kicked him.
He then disappeared and police are appealing for anyone who recognises him.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from Atletico Madrid.
Luis played in Brazil’s friendly wins against France and Chile.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism this season.
Real Madrid have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
In Abu Dhabi, a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
Airports are often cited as the worst in the world, but there are a surprising number of complaints form travellers about them.
From long queues for security, to paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal, the allegations against these well-known airports are varied.
LaGuardia Airport, New York, has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America.
The Surfers Paradise Meter Maids started in 1965.
It was the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey.
He wanted to stave off bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters.
Local business owners have labelled the group outdated.
Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce president Peter Yared said the group were now a business.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the Briton after the race.
Rosberg claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel.
Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Rosberg.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner.
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
'I think I even looked,' Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot.
Fern Britton, 57, revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce.
Mother-of-four had first experience of depression as a child.
She has been married to TV chef Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen years.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home.
He is a favourite with workers at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex.
Huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler.
When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
Rapper Big Boi simply published a black square with the words: '#WalterScot'
Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe.
It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
After trekking through the beautiful Spelunca Gorge, Wendy took a cab to Porto where a 16th Century Genoese tower stands guard over the harbour.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested on Wednesday, according to police.
She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
A computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the scene.
Police sources told NBC Washington that the woman in the video is Gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a'sexual encounter'
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival costs an average of £187 per day.
Belgium's Tomorrowland festival costs one pound a day less than those in Coachella.
England's Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost.
Huma Abedin, 38, was spotted with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan, 2, at Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon.
Weiner and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and salad in an Iowa Chipotle earlier this week but failed to pay a tip.
This time, with her boss out of sight, Abedin side-stepped Chipotle and opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Their biggest expense was the windows, as control towers have so many.
Lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness, but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months.
Former Spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury.
Everton have won just one of their previous 22 matches against Swansea.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night.
She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
The man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance despite cold and wet conditions.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests.
Jamie tried to propose but has the ring thrown back in his face.
Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Southern California Walmart on April 5 around 8.45am.
He was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel and taking out $800 in cash before stopping at a Walmart.
Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
His family hired a private investigator who learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Canadian defeated Milos Raonic 5-2 in the first set.
Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time.
Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station were just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the storm.
The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop.
Fabio Lovato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld.
The 30-year-old created a short video showcasing pictures of the couple.
He then got down on one knee in the cinema and popped the question.
Laura loved the proposal but says she doesn't rate Fast and Furious.
Cristiano Ronaldo will start for Real Madrid against Eibar on Saturday.
The Portuguese was booked for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano.
But his yellow card has now been rescinded after La Liga's appeals committee decided that he had been unfairly punished.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer.
Women who take combined HRT have double the risk of cancer compared to non-users.
If women use HRT for more than 10 years, their risks are even higher.
The Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK are the two largest studies into the effects of HRT.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12.
More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button.
They then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
The toys include a long 'tail' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
Hilti DD350 drill was used to cut through wall of secured vault.
Gang raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins.
Police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
The puppy Shibu Inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
People standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer, they revealed last night.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
The scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses.
They are now developing a gene therapy that would boost the production of LEM proteins, in turn increasing the number of T-cells available to attack cancer cells.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to floor.
Gardener'strategised' his shopping and grabbed TV near bottom of pallet in Manchester.
But she grabbed same one at same time - and suffered injuries that saw her in hospital.
Judge cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying it was not certain he 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28, 2009.
Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her.
Ian Gibson joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd as plane refueller in 2007.
He was medically discharged from the British Army's Parachute Regiment.
His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes.
In 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later.
Mr Gibson claims bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR.
The centre-back has 15 months left on contract at Loftus Road.
Onuoha was in the starting eleven for QPR's 4-1 win over West Brom.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Usain Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre challenge on Sunday.
The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.
Bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
The company is worth £11 billion, making it second only to Tesco in the retail sector.
It takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear, in some shape or form, in Next.
Timothy Rogalski, 30, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant.
In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said.
Two teenagers from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family.
Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement.
It teaches people to focus on the present moment and has similar recurrence rates.
Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group.
This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to drugs.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Click HERE for the first part of our countdown, featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo, Louis Oosthuizen and the late, great Seve Ballesteros.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader.
Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Business and skills minister Nick Boles said the Russian president would be pleased to see Mr Miliband enter Downing Street propped up by SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be key demand.
He said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against 'ideological gimmicks'
Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms.
Mr Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's Cabinet reshuffle.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess in August 2012 when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
She was then placed in handcuffs and taken into custody to await her sentence next month.
Manny Pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman.
He is just over 5ft 6in but doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival.
Lara Logan, 43, was sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square while reporting on the Egyptian protests in February 2011.
She was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers.
A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized.
Logan is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last.
His cousin Niranjela Karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings in London.
The pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin, taped to the bodies of young mules, on April 17, 2005, and sentenced to death.
Their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
The Italian striker took a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
Arsenal ran out 4-1 winners against Liverpool on Saturday.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
Unite led campaign against use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to 'exploitation'
Ed Miliband has received more than £13million from Unite since 2010.
Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
Although the scientific paper is yet to be published, the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw has been tasked with finding a new presenter.
She said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite his sacking.
Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting producer.
He was told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation.
But Clarkson has said he is already thinking about his next television project.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He warned that a vote for Ukip would be equal to a 'vote for Ed Miliband'
Mr Johnson also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories in Thanet and defeat the Ukip leader.
The intervention signals that the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority Labour government dependent on the votes of SNP MPs.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country.
The England skipper has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Stancil, who had a knife with him, was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance.
The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane.
Lane had worked at the college for 18 years and was believed to have recently fired him.
Police said on Tuesday that they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney.
The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device.
It was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away.
Photos taken with the hand held camera captured more natural gestures and poses giving us a better sense of the streets.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement.
After the 2013 Boston Bombings, Desisa donated his medal to the city.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul.
Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
He documents his work to his Instagram account, which has over 50,000 followers.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford.
Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages.
Van Gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United in the race for fourth.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
The estate is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and also boasts several satellite residences for staff.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998.
His facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17 years on.
Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death.
Earlier this year, mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in Mongolia.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
A separate, March 26 report by the Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008.
Fannie Randle, who has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
USC senior Alicia Jewell presented the housekeeper with a $21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car.
Ms Randle shouted with joy after the surprise was revealed.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce.
She also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes'
Teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham.
Allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles.
More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers.
Scottish First Minister says Labour leader will soon 'change his tune'
Miliband insists he will not agree to 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP.
But he refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
Critics say weak Labour government would have to negotiate day in, day out.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
The Sensitive Needs Housing Unit can be found inside Level IV maximum-security facilities and is set to protect former members from the gangs.
Prisoners who still remain in the 'normal' parts of the prison refuse to exercise simultaneously, inmates alternate their workout routines until members of other gangs race have finished.
Russia yesterday lifted ban on supplying Iran with air defence missile system.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment 'promptly'
Move likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.
Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed.
Chris Keates, general secretary of NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’ later, the teaching union said.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership.
The soaring, glass-paned Crystal Cathedral — the touchstone of Schuller's storied ministry — was sold to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange in 2011.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient.
He asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts.
The father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, had spent 12 years working in the NHS, but has now lost everything because of a'moment of madness'
He has been suspended from practice and faces a General Medical Council investigation.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years.
The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
It's white, bright and airy, with weatherboard cladding in the living spaces and bedrooms.
There is a sunny living room, filled with light due to the windows which line the room.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
About 170,000 migrants entered the European Union through Italy last year by way of the dangerous sea crossing organised by human traffickers.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Straw had been stuffed inside old clothes that had been sewn together.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football.
FA chairman Dyke has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving.
England C is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough.
Fairclough selects from players outside the Football League, aged 23 and under.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts a week before heist.
They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday.
But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.
It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'
Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
The Perth woman has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
In an open letter to Kidman, the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador.
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
He's come along way since his High School Musical days.
The obvious exceptions are Ryan Gosling - is there a hot list he isn't on? - and Justin Timberlake.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled.
Comes as Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major's election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
Mr Cameron promised to ‘take to the streets’ to defend Tory record.
The 34-year-old model, who has announced she's retiring from the runway, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week.
The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning.
Some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling.
Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
The moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
Hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular.
Its odd, almost 'bubbly' appearance, can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen these symbols to call them.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick.
The video was shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption: ‘Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel’
This resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times.
Emma Forbes, 49, bought seven-bedroom home for £43 million in February.
She and her hedge fund boss husband bought it for £18.5 million in 2007.
Land Registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple’s new home.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week.
The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12.
People from the sporting world and many others attended a memorial service at Barcelona cathedral to pay tribute.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season.
The Chelsea stopper will hold talks with manager Jose Mourinho.
Arsenal will not be the only club interested in luring Cech.
Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989'
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
The news could have been worse for Carney, who did not suffer a break as first feared.
Raheem Sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at Liverpool.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce feels paying Sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.
Allardyce does not blame Sterling for trying to get as much as possible.
Incident happened on unregistered road between A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire.
Driver followed sat nav and ended up losing roof between hedge and tree.
Police are considering pursuing driver for driving offence.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page licking a female friend's breasts.
Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko'
But the 35-year-old insists the pictures show him enjoying himself 'like a normal person'
Malky Mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday night.
The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman David Sharpe.
Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November.
He is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages.
Wigan are eight points off Championship safety with five games left.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Johnson was initially arrested on Monday, 2nd March.
He was charged after he answered his police bail on Thursday.
Julie Creffield, 37, was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18.
She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since.
Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size.
The Fat Girl's Guide To Running is on ITV's This Morning.
The new policy allows for an American traveler to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox, from Colchester, Essex, and Prince George of Cambridge look very similar.
His mother – whose name is Kate – and father Paul, 41, are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
Mrs Cox, a sales and marketing manager, first noticed the similarities between Tommy and George when the prince was christened in October 2013.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife, Scotland.
Police say Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton yesterday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott, 55, during a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday.
Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.
The officer, whose wife is eight months pregnant, is being held without bond pending an August 21 hearing on a charge of murder that could put him in prison for 30 years to life if convicted.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions.
Krul smiled at Defoe shortly after the striker's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom.
The England under 21 striker has said he wants to play European football.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the striker.
Berahino shares the same agent as Raheem Sterling.
Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Researchers at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road.
It crushed trees in its powerful path and left toppled power lines in its wake.
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya T
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
It is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during the second half.
The 28-year-old clapped in the direction of City's travelling supporters.
Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles.
Blackburn were eliminated from the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday.
Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest.
The Rovers boss has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the past two transfer windows.
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history.
RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortions'
The measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it.
Saturday Night Live skewered the news that Hillary Clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
The pair decide to record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable.
During the scene they insist her second run at the White House will be about the people and not centered around her.
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
Simon Phillip Comerford  fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in January 1918.
His brother Laurence was wounded in action in France in November 1914 and November 1917.
The records belonging to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently.
But do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations?
Use his short household audit to see how many of the below items you own.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house is.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club.
Puyol could join up with Frank Lampard in the States or Xavi in Qatar.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate.
That would have commemorated both his Purple Heart and his Combat Infantryman's Badge.
The Utah Division of Motor Vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join the forces.
He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
The alleged victims were often new to the country and unaware of their rights.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian.
Has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the Miami fashion crowd.
Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral this weekend.
Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in the town's stores.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day.
Andy, 27, has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities such as James Corden to the Prime Minister.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.
He beats Rafa Benitez in the average of goals conceded per game.
Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti have impressive defensive records.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal U21s.
The England midfielder was joined by Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
The batsman sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians.
Finch has never played Test cricket and was not included in the Australia squad.
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year.
This makes it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents.
Artist Joe Joiner has created a moving new art installation in tribute.
Created as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
The victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
A leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
It was expected to launch on 24 April.
But the retail chief said it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
Giant turnip weighing 33lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in China's Yunnan Province.
The monster vegetable, which weighs more than a three-year-old child, is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li said he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will join a couple other Olympic gold medal winners from London's so-called 'Super Saturday' when he teams up with Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford.
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing.
She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably.
Gwyneth openly praised Jennifer Lawrence when he dated Chris.
Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - ahead of landmark case.
She will be part of decision on whether states can ban same-sex unions.
Obergefell v. Hodges will be heard from Tuesday and a decision is expected this summer.
Ginsburg is one of four liberal-voting Supreme Court justices.
Anthony Kennedy has often sided with them on gay rights issues.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night.
All of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates.
Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New York.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show.
After the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died'
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Mabbutt has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through.
The Richest has compiled a list of the most expensive airports for landing fees.
Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Japan, charges £4,559 ($6,850) for the privilege of landing.
Tokyo's Narita International Airprot comes second, charging £3,728 ($5,600)
Toronto Pearson International Airport in Toronto is the most popular in Europe.
Boris Milat confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim, Neville Knight.
The 17-year-old shot and paralysed the taxi driver 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree.
Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars.
Mr Milat was later sentenced to life in prison, but if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first crime, Milat's victims could have been saved.
Two raiders stripped off their tops before attempting to rob a petrol station.
They forced their way into the manager's office of the Esso filling station in Caterham.
The men were disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled.
Surrey Police have released CCTV of the men which they hope will lead to calls from the public, identifying them.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger.
The collision occurred on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney at a traffic light intersection.
Nobody was hurt in the collision.
Police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town.
The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings.
Livingstone believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Floyd Mayweather is one of the highest-paid fighters in the world.
The undefeated boxer has earned more than $400million in his career.
Mayweather has a vast collection of cars, private jets and jewellery.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with Joan Kagezi's death.
Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before a major trial.
He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded huge payout.
Case was championed by Muslim human rights charity CAGE.
CAGE director branded ISIS executioner Jihadi John a 'kind, kind, beautiful young man'
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
In the video she hands Mr Cain her present, which dates from the 1920s.
Man located after Operation Resolve launched appeal on Thursday.
Police say 'unusual' appeal is necessary as fans may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the 1989 Hillsborough disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore.
Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater.
The couple, who had been together for many years, were kayaking on the Hudson River between Plum Point and Bannerman’s Island at around 7.30pm April 19 when Viafore's vessel overturned.
He was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges last month.
His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
Langley held a press conference on campus Tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent, and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
One in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
She followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Manchester United players met sick supporters on Monday.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met the fans at their training complex.
The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on.
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal.
Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago.
He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
The Kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants started breeding dogs in 2002.
John Updegraff and Karen Szewc tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock.
On Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role.
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act.
Using a human as their base, pooches stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years.
She played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988.
In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, she reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy.
Her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time.
He discovered he had been connected to at least eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967.
Fletcher hopes his research will prompt a new investigation into the disaster.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard hopes his Liverpool career will end at Wembley.
Gerrard's final game as a Liverpool player will come in the league on May 16.
Liverpool lost their FA Cup semi-final to Aston Villa on Sunday.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew.
Lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system.
The historic house in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
It comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and vintage cupboards.
The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day.
From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
Bomb threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport.
Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320.
A thorough search was carried out and federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League.
Europa League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Andriy Yarmolenko.
T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women.
They play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help.
The Suzy Lamplugh Trust aims to'make society a safer place'
British scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic 'chef' hands.
They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
The hands can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat.
Device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen, priced at around £10,000 ($14,000)
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark.
She even exchanged texts with the couple after their hookup.
But when Mr Clark told her boyfriend she claimed she had been raped.
McWherter has now admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
A joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4.
New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English.
She has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
She wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school'
One handwritten note about the leaflet's opening paragraph says: 'This'sentence' is long and obscure. It needs some punctuation if it is to make sense'
Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Her first experience was at 19 when she was studying at Cambridge.
After a few nit-free years in her early twenties, her relationship with the parasites resumed when she became a mother.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
The Czech will now face Andy Murray in the last eight.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder during a rugby union match on Saturday.
He was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW.
The young man had been living in Sydney while studying at Sydney University.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
Viewers took to Twitter to coo adoringly about Labour leader's'sexy grey tie'
Miliband, 45, has been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly.
But that didn't prevent him from coming top in the sex appeal stakes.
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission has revoked Get Rid of Sids Project's charity status.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Dr Tenpenny cancelled her remaining talks due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
She was due to speak at a number of events across Australia.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday.
It also follows deeply distressing images showing the body of a young migrant being brought ashore after he drowned in a shipwreck off the coast of Rhodes.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin.
He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
Saige, five, has had enough of living with her mother for five years.
She declares she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend.
But her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
The German champions travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal.
Bayern have a 10-point advantage over the Bundesliga leaders.
Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his foot.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
More tests are planned this week.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
Crystal and her father Kevin said they'll re-open soon but were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing and they didn't know if orders were fake or real.
A contributor from Glenn Beck's The Blaze set up the fundraising page on GoFundMe for the pizzeria.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store.
He was caught on CCTV selecting items, including meat and bottles of wine, which he put into a bag.
The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
Ghosh was given a 12-month community order and must pay £575 in costs.
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands.
It could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly.
The veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads on July 1, 1946.
Leicester beat West Brom 3-2 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of survival.
Nigel Pearson's side are now just three points behind Hull in 17th place.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza.
But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.
A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted.
Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
However, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition.
Vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Fire crews drilled 15 inch-wide holes into the thick wall.
They eventually created a big enough hole for the pair to crawl out unharmed.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them.
On Friday afternoon, about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end.
Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
'Loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone.
Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already implemented the maps.
They allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
He would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa.
On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant.
The animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams.
Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in the new pool.
Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
The toddler, from Warriewood, in northern Sydney, originally set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old.
She is the proud owner of Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet.
A few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up for themselves.
The show was a spectacular success, with an A-list turn-out and dazzling creations gracing the catwalk.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give each of the 100 pilots a Bentley.
He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted.
Saudi Arabia launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from Houthi rebels.
They are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and art treasures from Countess of Bathurst.
The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Roberts was told to prepare for a stretch in prison after admitting theft.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness.
There are some accounts that are simply a cut above the rest.
London's Julie Falconer showcases the English capital in all of its glory.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Reverend Creflo Dollar launched appeal last month for $65million Gulfstream G650.
He said he needs the plane to 'continue reaching a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ'
But he shut down the appeal after receiving criticism from critics.
Dollar is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the United States.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway said he was fed up with 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed.
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
It also stressed that the app would not let other visitors to your Instagram feed know it was part of a dating profile.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
After the show is over, the baby's big sister asks if she would like to see it again.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in Burton Albion's 2-1 win at Morecambe.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side are up as third-placed Wycombe can't catch them.
Shrewsbury are a win away from a return to League One after beating York 1-0.
Mark O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday.
But a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat David Duval and Fred Couples.
Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
No one was injured in the crash.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
The 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
George Clooney tied the knot with British lawyer Amal Alamuddin in 2014.
The couple chose Venice as the place to get married.
They chose the city of marble palaces, ancient churches and canals.
Come May, lovers of art will be flocking to the city too.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli.
The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for Liverpool.
Skrtel's agent Karol Csonto has confirmed it's unlikely the defender will leave Anfield.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste alerts you to duplicate buys.
iFood plus is a complete shopping and meal planning app.
Smartmeal calculates nutritional values of almost 350 foods.
Berry's Wine List is Britain's oldest wine and spirit merchant.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Luis Suarez opened the scoring with a cheeky Panenka penalty.
Lionel Messi scored his second and Barcelona's sixth.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
Patrice Evra believes the Italians could learn from a more combative style of play.
The former Manchester United full back has urged Paul Pogba not to rush his return from injury.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
Kelley Jo Snyder was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.
Her body was found in a river near to her home in Renovo, Pennsylvania.
Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $500,000 bail.
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold.
It asks a further 19 questions ranging from mundane to sinister.
At the top is an introduction implying it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762 and was indicted that December for his testimony before a grand jury investigating the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative.
He was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld the conviction in 2013.
A larger group, which listened to arguments from prosecutors and Bonds' lawyers last September, concluded there was insufficient evidence his initial evasive answer was material to the grand jury's probe.
Despite holding the career
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
David Villa cheered on former club Atletico Madrid during Champions League clash with Real Madrid.
Villa joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the Spanish capital.
The 33-year-old scored one and set up another in a 2-0 win against New England Revolution last month.
Carnival Spirit has been stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
Waves of nine metres have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride.
Robin van Persie Snr posted a video of his son Shaqueel scoring in his garden.
The seven-year-old performed a'scorpion kick' inspired by the film Grease.
He has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
Meanwhile, the Dutch striker will reportedly be offered £5million to leave Old Trafford.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the U.S.
James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District.
He is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of Penrith in Cumbria.
It is the enlightening, exquisitely written account of a year in the life of James Rebanks.
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
Liverpool and Manchester United have both expressed interest in the winger.
Depay is keen to play with Zlatan Ibrahimovic and is friends with Gregory van der Wiel, his team-mate in the Holland national team.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal on Sunday and Arsene Wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception.
Wenger wants'respect' for the club's former players.
The Spaniard is expected to be a key part of the champions-elect.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.
Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.
Manchester City host Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4.
It will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinvillville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Sarah, who often plays basketball with men, says she gets 'the most violent hate tweets' when she discusses women's issues on Twitter.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
Depp plays the notorious criminal who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011.
The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.
New mothers are often on the brink of exhaustion when looking after a newborn.
Mothers often get a stream of visitors in the months after giving birth.
Blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to avoid annoying.
They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee.
Emily-Jane says: 'Just because I have a girlbaby it does not mean I want to dress her up like a princess or fill her room with princesses'
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi.
European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks.
A string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium, will also be investigated.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs.
46% gave them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Second children have to put up with fewer new clothes bought for then.
Also have poorer record of upbringing, with noticeably fewer photos.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
Fire crews spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle.
The fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach.
No-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time of the incident.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy.
The Reds' hopes of a top four spot seem remote as they trail fourth-placed Manchester City by seven points with six games remaining.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed because a doctor who worked there was also a foreigner.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart.
Grey and white cat Marv got stuck in gap between two garages in Bristol.
RSPCA were unable to coax the cat from the gap and had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to free him.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour's wall.
Marv was eventually reunited with his owner's daughters Tilly and Bella.
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town and the best place for Indonesian cuisine.
Australian internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
The court ruling handed down by Justice Nye Perram on Tuesday ordered that the identity of those who shared the content online using peer-to-peer sharing network Bit Torrent would be provided to the film's Hollywood studio, Dallas Buyers Club LLC.
A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was booked into the Cherokee County Jail, on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools.
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.
They will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Kardashian family arrived in Jerusalem on Monday for baptism ceremony.
They fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, confirmed North's baptism.
Gerry Adams made the comments in an interview on US television.
He said incidents like Jean McConville's murder happened 'in every single conflict'
The comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
The mega-fight is billed as the biggest pay-per-view in sport.
In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 and $99.99 (£66)
In Britain, Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £19.99.
Click here for more boxing news.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Mercedes boss says Mercedes will not have it all their own way this season.
Lewis Hamilton has won two of the three Formula One races this year.
Eric Isaiah Adusah, 28, is being held in Ghana on suspicion of murder.
His wife Charmain, 41, was found face down in a bath in the Mac-Dic Royal Plaza Hotel.
Husband, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died.
He told hotel managers at the time that his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs.
The government stated ‘the current situation would not be tolerated’
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March.
They found hens ravaged and dying at the Yarra Valley farm.
The owner of the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
Two recent inspections did not find any breaches under animal cruelty laws.
The Margaret River Pro takes place from April 15 until April 26.
Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break.
Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Ms Jenkin is running in the same constituency for Mebyon Kernow - the party for Cornwall.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you'
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
She has been charged with first-degree assault.
Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal.
Austria international is a target for Mauricio Pochettino's side.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join Spurs this summer.
Newcastle United lost 5-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
They played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance.
Head coach John Carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout.
The 24-year-old could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage.
He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt.
Mr Hart was sacked by Clitheroe FC within hours of the clip being shared.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of GQ Australia.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was helping children cross the road to school in Timperley.
But Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing without slowing and attacked him.
Mr Doyle was left with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attack.
Rustemi, from Stockport, was handed a six-month suspended jail term.
He was also ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and banned from roads.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg in January.
Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of playing for England at the forthcoming World Cup.
Morgan last featured for England when he scored two tries during their victory over Australia five months ago.
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service, have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The unnamed man died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms.
He was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East.
The extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the United States, led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
Driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur.
The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman.
His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
John Carver says he's enjoying his role at Newcastle.
Newcastle have won just two games under Alan Pardew.
The 50-year-old believes he's getting the best out of the players.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff.
The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures.
In a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon.
Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead.
Alan Judge and Jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those who withdrew.
Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Police in Texas unleashed their cowboy skills this week after a pony broke loose on the highway.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
Police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Benny and Bjorn Abba visited the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, Belgium.
They were treated to a rapturous limousine procession through the town.
It is unfortunate for anniversary-celebrating purposes that Waterloo lies in the French half where locals are preparing to mark the bicentenary of the Battle of Waterloo.
The Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes.
It helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Patrick Priebe.
He designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths.
Earlier this year, he built a laser weapon, inspired by the Gatling gun.
The gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt Class 4 blue lasers.
The girls paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a 'test of their composure'
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest.
The uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain in Henan Province, central China, is only one-metre wide.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account.
He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items.
His luxury haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings.
Moore will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over couple's lack of children.
Ujjal accused Naunihals's son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks'
Today, he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute.
Deportivo midfielder Jose Rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee Pedro Jesus Perez Montero pointing to the spot.
The home side's lead did not last long, however, as Deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000.
His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Schmidt took to the course about an hour before the Grand Prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified Corvette C7 Stingray.
The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle under 'racetrack conditions'
Mark Lippert said if North Korea improves its human rights record it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world, including the United States.
The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said his remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility.
Lippert suffered a deep facial gash and stab wound to his wrist after being attacked by a knife-wielding pro-North Korean activist in March.
Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012.
The woman told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston, Texas, to New Jersey for work.
Morris pleaded guilty to a single charge of drugging and abusing a female employee, in exchange for prosecutors dropping other abuse charges.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the French Alps.
The seven-year-old was described as a 'daring, outgoing and determined' youngster.
His family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday (12.45pm)
Everton host Southampton at St James' Park (3pm), Leicester City vs West Ham United (3PM)
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur (1.30pm), Sunderland vs Newcastle United (4pm) and Crystal Palace vs Manchester City (8pm)
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She has said the restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights.
Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051.
Baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants.
Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and NHS.
Minority population will increase three times faster, by 10 million.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment.
But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Mr Hiscox was described by his club as a 'total legend' and 'one of the nicest guys I have ever met'
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face the Reds.
Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 win over the Czech Republic.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
The Czechs have won five games against Slovakia.
Labour's Liam Byrne left a handwritten note to his successor in 2010.
It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'
Ed Balls has dismissed the note as a 'joke' and said it should not be taken seriously.
The letter has become emblematic of Labour's fiscal irresponsibility.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of highest-profile casualties of SNP surge which is set to take seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs on May 7.
One plan said to be under consideration is to keep 42-year-old MP Inverness MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the House of Lords.
Leinster are currently fifth in the Pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures.
Bath are short of experience in some key positions, particularly their up and coming backline.
Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008.
Saracens pride themselves on the set-piece and use the scrum and line-out as dangerous attacking weapons.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after two members of Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front took him hostage in Istanbul.
Turkish court imposed blocks on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday.
Turkey has since threatened to block access to Google unless images of siege are removed from its search function.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings that operated in London and Northern Ireland.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
He also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me'
Townsend and his company are now liable for more than $
Leicester City host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Matt Upson is out of Leicester's clash with West Ham.
Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after he played in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation.
Then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana on Wednesday.
Customer saw staff butchering dog to be served up as pork dish on menu.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'The meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking xenophobic violence.
He said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave South Africa.
But he has also courted wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners.
The 67-year-old's opulent wedding to sixth wife Zola Mafu in July cost an estimated £250,000.
A road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney.
It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru.
Mr Honna said he thinks the truck driver's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Comes amid growing alarm over number of desperate families risking their lives.
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas have yet to be signed.
The pair are finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
The president opened his speech by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion'
But then came the zinger: 'I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat'
Obama was flanked by Bill Belichick and billionaire Patriots owner Bob Kraft.
Brady won his fourth Super Bowl ring in February - and his first since President Obama took office.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
Students and staff were asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
She also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children.
The leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Earlier this year, residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers in England.
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
The admin of the page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians.
Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after Enner Valencia was fouled.
Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke with a 95th minute equaliser.
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing on Tuesday.
He has been comforted by his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his ordeal.
In 2012-13, 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
This weekend, for the first time, NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
Star anchor Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor for Burnley against Arsenal.
Lowe was joined by former USA midfielder Kyle Martino and fellow pundit Robbie Earle.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought groceries.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
When she could not get past him she exchanged heated words with him, it is alleged.
Mr Buckley broke his thighbone and wrist after crashing to the floor.
He was taken into intensive care and put on a life-support machine.
Two months later, the decision was taken to turn off the machine and he was pronounced
Long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
BBC Worldwide said they will fulfil the series of live shows which have already sold 200,000 tickets worldwide.
Lewis Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in Bahrain.
The 30-year-old Briton won his third straight race to extend his lead in the championship.
Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Rory McIlroy will be joined by Niall Horan on the eve of the Masters.
The Northern Irishman will play in the par-three tournament.
McIlroy's record on the par fives last year was similar to Bubba Watson's.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield.
The 20-year-old Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill.
Januzaj has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal.
Hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong.
The Golden Globe winner was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation.
But he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
Summer Robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
Her parents have been remembering their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy'
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Another volunteer, 19-year-old Alice Barnett, from Canterbury, Kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts.
She is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying.
But this time it is both House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, who police are after.
They are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by running over them in his pick-up truck.
Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone’ Sloan in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.
Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January.
He claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked despite hamstring injury.
John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem.
Marc Muniesa set to return to matchday squad after missing five games.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound.
The 23-year-old shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance.
Paramedics were called and two officers were forced to escort him to hospital.
But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over.
Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' if it holds power.
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
But Scottish First Minister vows to work with Ed Miliband to 'lock out' David Cameron.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job.
But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Borussia Dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in China this weekend.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton.
The hotel is a two-minute walk from Mistley station which has services to London Liverpool Street.
Brisbane-based clothing company Living Dead Clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week.
There are almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100.
The most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each and all but every design is all but sold out.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother with the help of her boyfriend in August.
She dumped the half-naked body in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years.
In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row.
They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23.
Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary on April 6.
A probable cause affidavit released Tuesday shed light into the young mother's disappearance and painted a picture of a suspect who claimed she was pregnant.
Apple is thought to have sold more than one million smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order.
The most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK.
At the lower end of the scale, British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model.
Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold, but as an example California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street with a rifle.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
This latest incident follows cell phone footage earlier this month capturing South Carolina police officer Michael Slager fatally shotting Water Scott, 50, five times in
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help.
Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported.
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday.
The fitness fans ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
By running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000.
They ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras.
Matchroom promoter Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight.
Quigg's promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees.
Selfie sticks' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns.
Prominent museums including the Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington prohibit their use.
Some English Premier League soccer teams make the devices off-limits, and the Australian Open tennis tournament discourages fans from using them court-side.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, appeared on This Morning.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship.
Jane has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
The Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
Wenger said: 'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down'
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby on Saturday.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time.
Dick Advocaat's side are three points clear of the relegation zone.
Jamie Carragher has criticised Tim Krul for his half time actions.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Emergency managers in Kansas and Illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms.
Kansas officials warned that hail could be the size of baseballs, while Illinois officials told residents they should be prepared to seek shelter if bad
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have covered almost 7,000 miles and been through 16 countries.
They have been living on less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre.
Nick Clegg revealed balance of power lies with wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez.
He was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government mansion.
But move was vetoed by his wife after controversies over David Cameron's large country kitchen and Ed Miliband's small second kitchen.
Couple invited cameras into kitchen of their £1.5million family home in Putney, south west London.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV.
Holland international favourited a Sky Sports tweet linking him to a move.
Click here for more transfer news.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting Lib Dems.
Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland.
Justin Rose finished the day on seven under, sharing third place.
The 2013 US Open champion is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth.
Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes and is now one over.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship first qualifying round match in Sheffield.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
Players have to win three best-of-19 frame rounds to go forward to the World Championship which begins later this month.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old was the underdog for the UIC Pavilion bout.
But Groves correctly predicted a shock was on the cards.
He took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
Leonardo DiCaprio is planning to build a luxury eco-resort on Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated, private 104-acre Belizean island.
The 40-year-old actor bought the island in 2005 for $1.75 million.
He plans to build 68 resort villas and 48 private houses on the island, which is currently unpopulated.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt'
He was so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.
Was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and is now a trim 13 stone.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic State propaganda videos.
The blue-eyed, Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'
Kamelh, who is believed to be in his late 20's, completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
He was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS.
Salford City are five points clear of Darlington at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North.
A draw at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.
Gary Neville and Paul Scholes co-own the club with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'
But the 30-year-old says the fine print of the terms and conditions has been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on Sunday.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open.
Veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in last eight.
World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 in low-quality clash.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
The photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Lib Dems on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken.
The 26-year-old is a successful fitness coach and entrepreneur.
She runs the Instagram account The.Sweet.Sweat.
David Billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it, and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
Starkey says women are only of average intelligence, while men are'very, very bright or very thick'
The 70-year-old also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Says fears of Islamophobia are victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged'
Chris Tremlett has backed Kevin Pietersen to make an international comeback.
Pietersen cancelled his Indian Premier League contract in order to play domestic cricket for Surrey.
The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after he was sacked in February 2014.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic.
Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, the Simnel cake has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter.
The Belfast-baker puts a modern twist on the fruit-based cake, with the twist of pistachios, figs and nutmeg seasoning.
Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Her daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
The Cop Shop actress is also famous for her Ajax Spray'n'Wipe ad.
Duncan is also a patron of the Special Olympic program.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL.
The West Indies opener posted a picture on Tuesday of himself behind some DJ decks.
Gayle will be hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore's first-ever IPL crown this year.
Diego Simeone says English football needs to 'wake up' after poor showing.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at Champions League last 16 stage.
Simeone believes Atletico Madrid will face one of Europe's top two teams.
Real Madrid take on Atletico in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Gareth Bale will miss second leg after picking up injury against Malaga.
Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
The full interview is set to air Thursday.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate tensions with Argentina over ownership of the islands.
The discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires.
Argentina invaded the islands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Lord West of Spithead, a former First Sea Lord, said the find would lead to further claims by the Argentinians over the long-disputed territory.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both hailed Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak.
Slovenian goalkeeper made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary.
Home Office letter says he is a terror risk and plans to travel to Syria.
Brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after breaching bail.
Chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes.
He divorced his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year.
Sources close to the restaurateur say he is'smitten' with Ms Lutsyshyna.
But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo.
Study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex.
But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions, like Bridget Jones.
Researchers at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober, tipsy and drunk.
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work.
He asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera.
Many men have joined the social media campaign holding up their pants with phrases such as 'I'm a feminist' and 'women are not objects'
Al Qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla.
Militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal.
Latest advance marks a major gain for Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday.
Eden Hazard made the side for the third straight season.
Sergio Aguero replaces Diego Costa up front.
Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic fail to make the team.
Cesc Fabregas is included in the EA Sports XI.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to a wombat.
The wombat was grazing in the Wilsons Promontory National Park in southeast Victoria.
It looks like there's no bad blood between the two native Australian's.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand last month.
The Ben Canaans have left with their twelve children and few worldly possessions.
Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject birth control.
It is located at Lake Haupiri on the west coast of the South Island, on New Zealand's West Coast.
Neville Cooper - now known by the name Hopeful Christian - founded the commune after clashing with church leaders in NZ and Australia.
He spent almost a year in prison on sex
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her home in Caboolture, north of Brisbane, on Tuesday morning.
She contacted a relative on Thursday but police still have serious concerns for her welfare.
They believe she was taken in a silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander with the Queensland registration 789VNI.
Detectives are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is allegedly the victim's former boyfriend.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
Object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Our current theory of Earth’s formation involves more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club.
The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, are on alert.
Oscar has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season.
The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho.
Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed.
She bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her backyard.
The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm cut on her finger.
It is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Spencer Bell, 71, bravely ventured on to M1 after man fell from bridge.
But as he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, Mr Bell was struck by Toyota.
Mother-of-three Iram Shahzad pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell’s death.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Bayern are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba.
Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Sir Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly failed to achieve this.
The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto.
He shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning.
The raccoon climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before being photographed.
It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade.
WeatherWatch Australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
But they did not know exactly where the storm would form.
It covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his Brighton home to travel to Libya.
His eldest son Amer, 21, is fighting for Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda.
The 21-year-old has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks.
Two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in separate incidents last year.
Abdullah, 18, was killed last April after suffering a bullet wound to stomach and Jaffar, 17, was reported dead six months later after being shot in the head during a battle in Aleppo.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days.
She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and Kanye West.
The reality television star even snacks, saying she enjoys Justin's peanut butter packs and Dulce de Leche-flavoured Häagen-dazs ice cream.
Miriam Clegg said MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after five years.
She hit the campaign trail on her own today, as he said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause.
The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in London.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
A wily coyote gave the New York Police Department the runaround on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church.
The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles in Chelsea.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging on-scene officers' attempts to catch it.
It was only captured more than an hour later
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in January.
It has been claimed the 73-year-old was used as a shield to protect an Al Qaeda leader while in captivity.
His family have slammed their response to his abduction, and it has now been claimed they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death.
A source in Pakistan told CNN that after the money exchanged hands, they started demanding the release of prominent Afghan prisoners.
Martin Richard, 8, died at the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013, after the Tsarnaev brothers set off twin pressure cooker bombs.
Last week a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the attack.
The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after his agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen.
They show everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots.
The Fourteen Stars Tavern building was pulled down in 1857 and converted into flats.
Many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today, particularly High Street.
Zoe Gregory, 26, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up school.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year.
He left behind four murals including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe.
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door.
But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong started with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to Kris Commons was perfectly weighted.
James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teale’s heart with a second half tap-in.
But any realistic chance of an unlikely comeback was killed off when Stefan Johansen converted from the penalty spot.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram.
The hairdresser has undergone a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package in Thailand.
She is keeping each of her followers updated while she undergoes the surgery.
'I've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it,' she said.
Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure.
The Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever.
Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather.
The Filipino is in the best shape of his life, says Roach.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, weighed 20st and was a size 24.
A child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant.
The embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds.
She has now slimmed down to a healthier 12.5st.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR.
The 24-year-old's treble is the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by Belgium this season.
Eden Hazard has helped Belgium to third place in the Premier League.
Spain have the likes of Diego Costa and David Silva to thank for their tally.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as PM tried to answer question.
She stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in armed forces.
Mother told reporters she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top'
She said she was 'asked to leave, and they did it politely' after the incident.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear.
The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars.
O'Sullivan will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 of the Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days.
Ms Sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
The single-mum said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future'
Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, is on the market for £6million.
It comes complete with a Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages.
The estate also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and even its own cricket green.
Its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Chyknell hall, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.
The Reds boss says losing a 'world-class player' like Luis Suarez has made things difficult for Liverpool.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk.
In Madagascar, lemurs are one of the most at risk species, as are shrew tenrecs.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton’s Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history.
In Sydney another historic building was sold for $1.2 million so it can be converted into a home.
A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles.
The love story it tells was unknown until 2000, when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery.
More than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain.
Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan said the appeal of his company's single serve coffee machine is that users can 'Just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes'
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
The family – including Councillor Shakil Ahmed's son Waheed - are expected return to the UK from Turkey this week.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.
She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Ms Gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son Tommy.
Jihadis have seized control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in Damascus.
They posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
Its presence in the camp has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
The former Manchester United defender is now at Juventus.
Evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead.
The Baggies meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The sex scene, which featured full nudity and strong sexual content, was screened in front of the appalled couple's 6-year-old twins.
KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market.
He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at 18 in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire.
His daily hand-out is a fraction of his estimated £40million worth.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across Britain as part of his series called 'The Kings of England'
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series.
He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright was arrested on Saturday after the suspect's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Woman allegedly flew to region twice after falsely claiming to be victim's cousin.
Police are investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash.
Airbus A320 went down in remote region of French Alps en route to Dusseldorf.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $20,000 reward for information that leads to his arrest.
Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland on April 12.
Police found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area of the fast-food chain.
Investigators believe he fled Maryland to New Jersey to escape state charges, but they believe he is still in the
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
Customs officials have seized what is being described as a 'zoo in a suitcase'
In the bag, carried in the hold of the aircraft, there were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub.
The menagerie came to light when customs officials electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar.
If it turns out to be the case, the suspect could face up to seven years in prison.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
Plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along runway.
Crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable slides.
Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear'
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
Takei and a group called the Heart Mountain Wyoming Foundation helped stop the sale of items like these panels carved in the internment camps.
Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
They are often found hunting in rivers and estuaries around the equator.
Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, are calling for fishing to be banned.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert.
It comes in 500ml pink or blue tubs and is blended with Madagascan Vanilla.
All profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity.
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Neymar and Dani Alves headed to watch El Clasico on Thursday night.
Barcelona prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division by points difference.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Harry Kane is nominated for two awards, the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player of Year.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo Toure turned up together.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared pensive as he passed the photographers outside the main hall.
Comedian Jason Manford was around to see son Frank pick up PFA Merit award.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house, where they were subject to terrifying pranks.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
An ordinary house is chosen as the location, and to draw the estate agents in, is a pretend homeowner, Rosie.
Rosie solemnly explains to the agents that the house was owned by her brother, who just so happened to also pass away in it.
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed.
It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after idea was approved.
Owner of existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira is known for sensual oils.
Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed how cleric told him venture would encourage 'improvement of sexual relationship between husband and wife'
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking, and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer.
The two would just each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating.
This lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and while their sneaking around seemed to work for awhile, Hudson became concerned after learning that a female fan had broken into his home as he had photos of Garlington in his
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
Rojo and Di Maria appeared in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Manchester United and Argentina duo sealed moves to Old Trafford.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma.
Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by the two hundred-pound dogs while jogging in July.
He was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Lapeer County Prosecutor Tim Turkelson predicts a sentence of
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm)
Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood all ruled out.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young both ruled out for QPR.
QPR are without Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer.
Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn.
Benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year.
Fike's group recently received a $50,000 grant.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on townhouse.
Critics say she ordered the dramatic overnight paint job to 'get her own back'
She has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert.
Robert Lisle, her stepson, said her behaviour does not surprise him.
He said: 'She's so rude, in fact she is the rudest person I've ever met'
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo does not believe all African nations will vote for Sepp Blatter.
The CAF president Issa Hayatou did not speak in the name of the 54 members of the confederation.
Figo and Michael van Pragg are opposing Blatter and have chosen to run for presidency.
Airbus are set to introduce an extra seat to each row of their Airbus A380.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed.
A fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed several collisions in a £1m 'crash for cash' scam.
He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
The elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus, who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam, to falsely claim from insurers.
Smith was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud.
Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in organising the collisions, were all found guilty of conspiracy
A cross-dressing robber is in custody after allegedly robbing a service station in Taylors Hill, northwest Melbourne.
The man, 23, was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Living near congested roads can increase risk of dementia, study finds.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters the structure of the brain.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop.
The Clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their survival battle.
Burnley travel to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
They doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
If convicted, Surkov faces life in jail if convicted of murder and rape.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, Mr.
Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident.
Keane is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to cabbie Fateh Kerar.
The 43-year-old did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo.
The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
Morata started just three La Liga games for Real last season.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for cosmetic treatments.
Michael Pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem.
Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in Katmai National Park, Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach the breeding grounds where they were born.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner.
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday.
Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled.
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson.
The mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
Magellan is a new flagship of the Cruise & Maritime fleet.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The Official Vinyl Charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint.
She didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.
The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says didn't get the recognition that she deserved.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games.
The Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
Newcastle face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving free vitamin D supplements.
She is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes deformities.
The disease was virtually eradicated after the Second World War.
But is returning as more youngsters are used to playing video games.
V. Stiviano, 32, has been ordered to pay his wife $2.6million.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy her a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property.
Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated.
Marc and Shanon Parker have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among them are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground on Wednesday morning.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
Broadway Allotment Association moved to new allotments in Oldham.
Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for car park.
Gardeners say new site has bad drainage and poor soil.
They are demanding that Oldham council pays out compensation for problems.
Michael Fyson, 77, has grown fruit and veg at old site for more than 10 years.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Jenny stayed in Treviso, just outside Venice, with a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
In entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
Analysis showed spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men's clothing.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade made two high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday.
Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene.
A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89.
Arnold Schwarzenegger says the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party.
The legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays.
Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
Prime Minister warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'
Do so could put economic recovery at risk by allowing Labour back into power.
Mr Cameron has previously dismissed Ukip as 'fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists'
Hein Verbruggen has written to all UCI board members saying he has put the'scandalously biased' report into the hands of lawyers.
The former head of international cycling has rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund.
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'
Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, NY on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack on the United States.
Siddiqui met Samir Khan, an American citizen, in 2006, three years before he left the U.S. for Yemen and started Al Qaeda magazine Inspire.
Khan published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide which the Boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare regime.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
Pups change the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk, communicate, walk or socialise.
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals.
Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability.
Hoddle believes Luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in PSG's 3-1 defeat against Barcelona.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides.
Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.
The ship has 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time.
On board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive.
There are 18 distinctive on board restaurants, ranging from traditional American to Jamie's Italian, a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine.
Madonna kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with him.
Sources tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look on his face.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel to push it higher into orbit.
But as its mission draws to an end, it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
Among the features it has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows - each around a couple of hundred metres wide - in the bottom of a huge impact basin.
Another image shows a 621 miles (1,000km) long cliff that rises 1.8 miles (3km)
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.
In landmark ruling, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night.
Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
Seattle Seahawks will visit Green Bay Packers in week two.
The International Monetary Fund warned Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade.
The global watchdog said the state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament.
Projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit.
It hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009-10 and now stands at £90billion.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand.
Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight.
There was sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson's disease.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare.
The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Photographer Jeff Gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names: 731 Australians, 339 British, 55 Americans, a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others whose nationalities have yet to be traced.
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The chart-topper's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials said.
Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
Blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Reading at Bloomfield Road.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders a lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
Lee Clark's side are now one point behind the relegation zone.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner.
An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide.
Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year.
Last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat, even though he advised Cantu to close the business
Extra Storage Space video has been viewed 600,000 times.
It features new parents sharing their parenting tips and advice.
The video is called Extra Storage Space and has already been viewed 800,000.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest.
Forsyth was rushed to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and was taken into surgery, but he later died from his injuries.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the incident.
Picture of red-haired woman lying on ground with rifle strapped to her body.
TV footage showed police sealing off street in central Aksaray neighbourhood.
Attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died.
He was taken hostage after members of Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Sidonie, a well known Spanish band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
The group composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants.
In the video, the band's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty.
The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station.
No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore over case.
Senior police officers have raised concerns about Moore's involvement.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
But Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had yellow fever vaccine in preparation for assignment in Ivory Coast.
Spent two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work.
Believes vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought.
NHS says up to three in ten people who are immunised with the vaccine suffer headache, muscle aches, mild fever or soreness at the injection site.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker's treble was his first in two years.
Villa are three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday.
She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
BBC claimed plate read H982 FKL was an 'unhappy coincidence'
But Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Clarkson and his colleagues fled South American country last year.
They were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate.
After producers removed the plate and replaced it with another.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club this summer.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved bear Tikko on a round-the-world mission to raise awareness about autism.
He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in January 2013.
Now, the bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his vital message.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured paint stripper over van owned by friend's son.
He became angry with Martin Carter, son of Olive Carter, 96, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business.
Retired antiques restorer carried out attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter.
Townsend was arrested and charged with criminal damage at Basildon Magistrates' Court.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories.
'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' (amazing) when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
But last fall, the couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall.
They reported the injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's parents or Tyrrell.
A little over a month later, Adrian was dead.
Rangers dropped points against Livingston by drawing 1-1 with the Scottish Championship strugglers.
Stuart McCall's side are four points behind Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this’
Comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories’ economic record.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges.
He is accused of removing women's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex.
A woman, 47, claims Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums'
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP)
DNP is a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
It is illegal to sell for human consumption, but sellers get around this by claiming to sell it as a pesticide or dye, which is not illegal, or with disclaimers.
Chelsea are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council outlines their plan.
The route of the victory parade route is outlined in the letter.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations.
Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending.
Last month's subpar job growth could make the Federal Reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in June.
The 13 Democratic and Republican U.S. senators said they'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition.
The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee.
England are interested in bidding for Euro 2028 but are very unlikely to bid for the 2026 World Cup.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score since January 31 against Leicester.
The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League.
During that period he has collected £3,080,000 in wages.
Falcao started in Manchester United's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL.
She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter said.
If Thomas begins reffing regular season games, the NFL would become the second major American sports league to have women officials.
The lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.
The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches into the barrel too far and suddenly gets it head stuck.
Reacting in panic the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head.
Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
The Southampton defender is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea.
Clyne has also been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbed Stanley Evans, 93, in the entrance to his block of flats.
He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but snatched his wallet.
Pensioner was left lying in the street for ten minutes after the attack.
Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker locked up for a 'long time' to protect the public.
Bygraves has 21 convictions for 49 offences, including three robberies.
Judge said Mr Evans could have died in the attack and jailed him for 15 months.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house on Wednesday.
She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
Woman, 63, won £14.5m London mansion from 90-year-old Saudi Arabian ex-husband.
Property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park.
Couple's main marital home had been £26m 'palatial residence' in Saudi Arabia.
But after their divorce, she moved into townhouse, claiming right to live there.
Despite husband's attempts to evict her from home, she has now been allowed to keep it as part of complex legal settlement.
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table.
They were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
Babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council.
It was taken because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity'
The 2007 World Championships in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has become a part of the couple's family.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats.
He also has a collar to ensure he can be found at nighttime.
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market.
No women appear in any of the photos.
ISIS have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks.
Pictures come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh, where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case, raising concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16.
The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club despite the charges.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping Johnson.
Johnson will appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track.
The $10 million program has been moved to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
Racegoers who won't be able to make Monday's event will be offered the option of receiving a refund.
Sweynesse and Kermadec will now be elevated into the $3 million Doncaster Mile.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for Edinson Cavani.
But PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out a move for the striker.
Cavani scored twice in Saturday's League Cup final win against Bastia.
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her teeth bore the remains of plant pollen, fungi and animals.
She was thought to have been eating sponge capped, bolete mushrooms and gilled mushrooms from the Agaric group.
The researchers found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth.
They also found her teeth bore little signs of decay, suggesting she ate few carbohydrates.
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal in the Indian Ocean.
It is inhabited by a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation.
They are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video.
The Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone to protect them.
Survival International said the islanders are ‘extremely healthy, alert and thriving’
Sisters Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'
The sisters are releasing a book titled #howtolive.
'We don’t like to model, so we decided to add wigs and sunnies so we can hide behind them and they don't see us,' says Jess.
The girls are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank.
It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up.
One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who worked on board.
Ian Poulter is aiming to win the Masters for the first time this year.
The Englishman has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
Poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks.
Huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985.
Guiyi became the eyes for both of them when Huang was infected.
She now guides him around the streets of Donglan County in Guangxi province.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends.
The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days'
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn Juventus to defeat in the 2003 final.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal but soon rose back up.
Gianluigi Buffon said: 'We knew it was a great opportunity and after 12 years we wanted to honour the history of Juve'
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release from prison.
Shepard, who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998.
Authorities filed petitions to keep him locked up under the Jimmy Ryce Act, a Florida law that allows sex offenders to be kept behind bars past their sentences if they're likely to re-offend.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44.
Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Mark Sanders, 45, is a doctor and lawyer in Fort Worth Texas.
He was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire.
Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin.
Sanders was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has scored six goals in eight games.
Hernandez has now scored a goal every 83 minutes for Real.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011.
He was rescued by French special forces in the far north of Mali.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner, which led to Calvin's arrest.
Calvin was booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This amount, thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN, makes him one of the highest paid television executives.
The amount is far, far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year, Sumner Redstone and Les Moonves.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday.
The Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly.
San Antonio's Jeff Green scored 22 points and Marc Gasol added 19 to lead six Grizzlies players in double figures.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Chicago's Pau Gasol had 26 points and 10 rebounds for his 50th double-double of the season, helping the Bulls beat Detroit
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants.
The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels.
Under coalition reforms planned to ‘toughen up’ the qualifications, AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September.
Deputy Prime Minister vows to cling on as Lib Dem leader even if party is wiped out at the polls.
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
David Luiz posted a picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday.
The PSG defender tore a hamstring in Sunday's 3-2 win at Marseille.
Luiz will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the injury.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Survey found 80% of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
In comparison, 43% of 18 to 34-year-olds said they wished they had more friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to discuss the issue.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
Her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient Magdalenian burial.
An engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone.
But the reasons why the female was buried in such an elaborate tomb, close to an area where her peers would have lived day-to-day, continues to baffle archaeologists.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan.
Club president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea's interest is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels.
The German club value their captain at £35million.
Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain.
The two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey.
The poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
1.02million men in the UK have opted to work reduced hours.
This compares to 4.58million women who more commonly work part-time.
It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers.
Jake Castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
He boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department.
'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene.
Clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
She also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her
The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill.
He had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none took him seriously.
The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14, the age of criminal responsibility in Spain.
Ander Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Herrera's eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball.
Six of his seven goals have been scored without him even having to look at the ball or the opposition's net.
The 25-year-old joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences.
The Coventry-based company's robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.
This removes safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation.
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, and Dr Errol Cornish, 67, charged with manslaughter.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
She and husband Tom, 35, had decided on birth by planned caesarean.
But they were allegedly persuaded to try a natural birth instead.
Inquest was halted in February last year so evidence could be referred to prosecutors.
Labour leader was criticised for robotic performance in last week's debate.
Now it has emerged he was reading from motivational notes during leaders' clash.
His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
It reveals he had planned a number of put-downs he used on David Cameron.
He urges himself to'stay calm, never agitated' and'relish the chance to show who I am'
Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina, claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals 'essentially roasting'
Ms Kuhl wants to have her $97 ticket reimbursed, as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years.
She also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at SeaWorld.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, assigned her third-grade class to write 'get well' letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
She has now been suspended without pay pending an investigation.
The letters were delivered to the convicted cop killer in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes.
Abu-Jama is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his
Last Friday, 26-year-old Lance Futch drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs.
Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker.
Futch said he was shocked but honored when the senior official turned out to be President Obama.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute.
The result puts Watford top of the Championship with two games of the season remaining.
Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers.
They are most often identified by their songs, which they use to navigate.
The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula.
Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux's beaked whales or Cuvier’s.
beaked whales, but it could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bott
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow.
Asteroid 2014 UR116 is due to pass by the moon in 2017.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to recreate its trajectory.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Computer model compared the orbit of Annama with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-Earth asteroids.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
But the mother-of-two said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
She said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you'
Anais Zanotti, 30, from Saint-Tropez, France, has skydived more than 1,350 times.
The pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes.
She also models bikinis for magazines like GQ and Playboy.
Andrew Odell bought a loaf of bread from Aldi in Milton Keynes.
He said it was the first and last time he would shop at the supermarket.
Aldi replied saying his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sun spots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to the party.
She accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the mainstream.
Tensions had escalated last week after he defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
Ms Le Pen's party regularly wins up to 25 per cent of the popular vote at local and regional elections.
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer.
The 22-year-old is out of contract in the summer and could join Burnley.
Louis van Gaal is a fan of Ings and was impressed with his performance against Burnley in February.
United are also interested in signing Memphis Depay, Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
The former Manchester United forward believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him.
Pastore scored a brace in PSG’s 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with daughter Olivia.
She was struck as they tried to cross The Kingsway in Swansea, South Wales.
Onlookers say pair were inches from bus but she managed to push daughter to safety.
Mother-of-three was rushed to Morriston hospital but later died.
Police of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at Christ Parish Church.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children.
Also emailed her a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been involved in making sex tapes.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
Her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
Scientists believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'
This allows a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
The theory was developed by researchers at University College London, Oxford and the University of North Carolina.
Study looked at a single 59-year-old man in London who was an 'elite controller'
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove it.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
McLaren have struggled for pace and reliability during the first two Grand Prix of the season.
Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
It comes after the head of Ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson will go out in penultimate group on Friday.
World No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71.
McIlroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday.
She said, 'He was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead by suicide at his Miami home on Sunday.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
The FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Lydia is a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her stylish outfits.
Ali is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition – a range of sports nutrition products.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
The former Chelsea boss said he expects to be in the Spanish capital for at least another year.
Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday.
Marca bills Saturday's La Liga matches as 'High Risk', while SPORT lead on the role of the Camp Nou crowd.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
He raised allegations with the authorities in his native Uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners; some as young as 15.
Kipsiro told Sportsmail he will have to leave Uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims.
The 28-year-old said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships.
In Afghanistan, many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are, however, allowed to ride skateboards.
Australian skateboarder Oliver Percovich created Skateistan, a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
She was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the blaze which started in July 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze, which erupted on July 13, 2013, as frightened passers-by watched on.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during Champions League quarter-final first leg.
The Atletico Madrid striker had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Diego Costa delivers.
Atletico have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico as the club produce top forwards continually.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and contact details.
Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
The account was started by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound.
It relies on submissions via direct messages and has 148,000 followers.
Britons spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
One third buy new clothes just to avoid being tagged in the same outfit.
Almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online.
Buzim is home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
The town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on harvesting raspberries and chestnuts.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR.
The 19-year-old saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final.
Grealish is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just a day before he lost his battle with the illness.
The married father of two and grandfather had taught special education and social studies at the school for the past eight years.
Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to a house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire.
He described the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees... owww!'
The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s.
Professional golfer Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines.
He was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week.
But his golf clubs did not arrive and he had to return them to him.
Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have had similar experiences.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room.
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.
'We're the Google of Australia and that's how we see ourselves,' General Manager of products Joost Poulus said.
During lunch or breaks, staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
The burger contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin, Northern Territory.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter.
Harry has completed the first two weeks of a month-long attachment with the Australian 1st Brigade.
He is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years' service.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines and is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
The 29-year-old American tourist drove into oncoming traffic in Thailand.
She was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes.
Officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova.
They shot out three wheels of the car when she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said it is a great time to be a United supporter right now.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Kendra Spears, 26, married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 after a four month engagement.
She follows in the footsteps of Rita Hayworth and Queen Noor.
Prince Rahim's younger brother Hussein, 41, also married an American.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in Shanghai.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Rosberg was visibly angry after the Mercedes pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary 'pressure'
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make — and a new pop-up shop in Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap to charge its female customers lower prices.
Less Than 100 sells ceramics, art, and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers.
In New Orleans this fall, women will pay 66 per cent, since women in Louisiana make even less compared to men than women in Pennsylvania.
The plot where Lizzie Borden and her family are buried in Fall River, Massachusetts, was vandalized over the weekend.
The plot was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother in 1892.
She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Raikkonen was reeling in team-mate Sebastian Vettel for the third time this season.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
The designer drug can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances.
Flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone.
That is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo Open.
The Serbian became the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events.
Djokovic was on court for almost three hours as he overcame the Czech.
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself.
It is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian, China.
The car has a top speed of 40mph (65 km/h) and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a LIDAR sensor on its roof.
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Russian side Zenit St Petersburg.
The 33-year-old is in his third spell with Zenit and has mostly been deployed as a substitute in 17 appearances this season.
Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
As part of the recent moves around comet 67P, Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface on Saturday.
Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right.
The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface.
In the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to the ‘head’ of
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another after coming on in the 61st minute.
New England extended its undefeated streak to five games.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Monday night.
Eliaquim Mangala was kept on the bench for Wilfried Zaha.
Glenn Murray scored Palace's first goal four years ago.
Yaya Toure got his team back in the game with 12 minutes left.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
She said: ‘GSM Sturgeon’ (Game, Set and Match)
Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple.
He dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1.
Kamen Rider was a popular superhero series running in Japan from 1971 to 1973.
A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
He says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman.
Says they engaged in sadomasochistic role playing that involved using a safe word if one or the other wanted to stop.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke.
He told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway.
Marcus stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers.
The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the South Australian franchise.
Labour leader's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
She measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air.
Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
The most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned, dilapidated buildings.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug.
Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug'
Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015.
Captain Rahmani was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
John Terry came in with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao.
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas collected the loose ball and released it to Oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of Eden Hazard to slot home.
Sky pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He had been at Monta Vista High School for 80 hours before returning Thursday.
Police and volunteers had searched frantically for the hardworking track athlete.
They learned that he had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus.
Sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in 2006.
The incident occurred during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit.
Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital.
But Smith insists that was not the case.
Mesut Ozil has scored seven goals in his last eight league games.
The German set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL.
Ozil only played 73 minutes against Liverpool, but made 47 passes in the opposition half, more than any other player.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford has been fighting Worcestershire County Council for two years.
The theatre director intended to retire to the house in Stourpour-upon-Severn.
But the council said the house was not her home at the time.
Now the council has won the right to force her to use the equity.
It could pave the way for relatives across the country to be liable.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund.
The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk.
Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder Odin Lloyd.
But not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face.
Hernandez, 25, is charged with killing Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister.
During one sidebar Bradley stared directly at Hernandez, who refused to make eye contact.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
The news has stunned the community of Coeur d'Alene
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Bollaert earned about $900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $30,000 from victims.
The four Vincenti sisters were taken from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father Tomaso Vincenti was an abuser.
The girls, aged nine to 14 years old, were taken back to Italy in dramatic circumstances and returned to Australia.
Laura Garrett has consistently maintained that she was removing her daughters from Italy back to Australia for their own safety.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016.
Chelsea's Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison.
She admitted killing six newborns, then stashing their bodies in her garage.
Huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Her estranged husband Darren West, who previously served time in prison, is not considered a suspect in their deaths.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
'I'd rest 10 seconds, then take four to six steps,' Melamed said.
When Melamed needed to rest, collapsing into his group's arms, they would push him back up
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month.
They were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Thanks to Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years, that dream could soon be a reality.
During their search they were put in touch with Shannon Mann who has a two-year-old son, Lucas.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes.
The 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons.
Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for Rhodes.
Steve Bruce has revealed that Hull players will have their salaries slashed if they don't beat the drop.
The Tigers are fourth-bottom of the Premier League with one of the toughest run-ins facing them.
Bruce said all players' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton believes Pacqiao has the style to beat Mayweather.
Hatton also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives Mayweather a huge advantage.
But Hatton warns Floyd Jnr he should'stay away from our own Amir Khan'
Reddit user wrote a biting leaving note to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret'
Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma.
Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said Monday
A 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
During the three years she was with Castro, he kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home.
Roldan describes Castro in Glatt's book The Lost Girls as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher.
Court documents detail how Altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her class.
At times, the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with Altice.
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
But the pain began in the spring of 2013.
She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer spotted that Julie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged and contained a tumour.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches.
The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe.
Listeria generally affects the elderly, people with compromised immune systems, pregnant women and their newborn infants.
Celtic face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with chance to go eight points clear.
Win their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone – and won’t play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
Despite national earnings, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness, particularly obesity.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their eight-year-old son Grayden.
He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues.
At this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino is the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England this week.
Mason made his debut for England against Italy in midweek after breaking into the Spurs team this season.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend.
On Friday, five days after the shooting, the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.
His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; testing the level of lactate; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
The College is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt.
Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team mates' on Saturday night.
Chelsea lost 1-0 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14.
The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici.
The Reading stopper allowed Alexis Sanchez's shot to slip through his body in extra-time.
Arsenal beat Hull 2-1 to reach their second consecutive FA Cup final.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral hit out at falling standards.
Admiral said many youngsters lost out at the very beginning of looking for work.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber.
Labour rival Theo Blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted proceedings to tell him off.
Mr Bucknell claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round.
Using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored the goals.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire.
Gary Neville has slammed United's performance as 'toothless'
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after row.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry long-term partner Heather, 54, after terminal pancreatic cancer diagnosis.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row.
Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
Little Foot is an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa.
It is roughly 3.7 million years old.
Scientists analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age.
The findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind's ancient relatives.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
A similar plane can cost up to £67,000 to charter.
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order at Liverpool.
The England international has played just 12 league games this season.
Brendan Rodgers is keen on signing Danny Ings and Memphis Depay.
Mats Hummels has been on Manchester United's list of targets.
The Germany international has yet to make a decision on his future.
Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Elia Viviani was involved in a crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs.
The Italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish.
Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up.
Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
Belgium international revealed he encountered racism as a youngster.
Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
About ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
Detectives investigating Hatton Garden gem heist missed crucial CCTV footage.
'crystal clear' footage was handed into Metropolitan Police by worker.
Worker believed detectives would already have similar images of £60m raid.
But despite police racing to obtain footage, force has refused to make images public.
Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off on Good Friday.
Ex-head of Flying Squad John O'Connor described decision to ignore alarm as 'totally incompetent'
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 to clinch the Premier League title.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League.
Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
Bournemouth are automatic promotion to the Championship.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition.
Samantha Cameron helped at The Growing Zone allotment project.
The project is for adults and children with special needs in Kippax, West Yorkshire.
She was introduced to various activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme seven years ago.
Mrs Cameron said the best thing about campaigning was 'getting out and about'
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
Jermain Defoe's volley against Newcastle earned Sunderland three points.
Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea also made the list.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites.
She has published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Gabriel says her main criterion for all her chocolate bars are that they are beautiful tasting, using simple ingredients, easy to make, familiar to her followers and have a 'feel good' taste factor.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit.
He was taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Miss Doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding they like one.
Men are happy only on their fourth try, according to survey by OnePoll.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Tia Sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered before her body was hidden in the loft in 2013.
The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.
In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Poppy Smart, 23, was whistled at by builders on her walk to work.
But after a month of unwanted attention from the men, she decided to call police.
The marketing co-ordinator recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function.
She compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made walking to work in Worcester an 'awful experience'
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona.
It will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction.
Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, and 18 silvers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph scored the only goal of the game in the 54th minute.
Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final at Wembley next month.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by sister.
Gillian Owens claims she used to cut the heads off her sister's dolls.
The 44-year-old has denied the claims, saying: 'I'm not proud of it... but I've changed. My niece's have never come to any harm'
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged in connection to three separate DUI crashes in Houston that killed 6-year-old Josh Medrano, injured his mother and led to the death of a homeless man.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013.
Vonn has credited Woods with helping her overcome a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Experts said training was ‘heavily geared’ towards young people.
This left them vulnerable when companies start ‘shedding’ jobs.
A third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification.
The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out.
He visited the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough, Florida.
The 55-year-old has always denied the lurid accusations made by Virginia Roberts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his 47-year-old wife Amanda eight times.
He discovered she had been having an affair with a postman.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail asking her to 'get my things together' before for his trial.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals to seal victory.
The Foxes are now just three points behind Hull City in the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still in their own hands.
Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield.
But the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero's ownership rights.
Argentine wonderkid has been compared to Lionel Messi.
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the mysterious hole is.
The temperature has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia.
The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics.
Zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 London Olympics.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
She admitted disposing of her boyfriend Justin Robertson's shoes.
He had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover.
Robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder.
Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock near Beaulieu, Hampshire, last year.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on Spanish coast.
Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes.
She would then spike the drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious before ransacking their homes after they fell unconscious.
Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, harassed them.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up.
Couple took matter to council planners and Mr Phillips was caught on camera.
But on Friday the case against him was dismissed, but restraining order was imposed.
Cremated human bones found at the side of the historic River Walbrook.
Experts questioned whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
20 skulls were found buried in clusters in sediment of historic tributary.
It had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded.
But new evidence suggests otherwise and they could be Boudicca's rebels.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
In Ukraine, Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights.
They used wood from an old truck bed, a tandem parachute and of course, duct tape to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
Russell shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge.
The main skill wine experts have believes Russell, is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
The codes are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA)
The triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks.
Many airports change names so their airport codes reflect a previous identity or purpose.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen.
Visitors to the Exclusion Zone, a nearly 50kilometre (31-mile) radius of contamination, are banned from touching anything.
But day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Despite the ban on non-essential workers from living in the zone, wildlife in the area - including foxes - has been thriving.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday to close in on Bundesliga title.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for the Bundesliga leaders.
Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0.
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight.
Built between 1867 and 1880, it was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations.
The fort has two helipad zones, as well as offering roof top BBQ facilities for an ocean-facing meal.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays.
At one point a woman got on top of a table and jumped off like she was wrestling in a WWE match.
Prime Minister visited Pirate FM in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans.
He was presented with a Cornish t-shirt emblazoned with 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Mr Cameron arrived in Penzance yesterday morning after eight hours on the train from Paddington.
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine, revealed that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends'
Hailey is the face of Topshop denim, as the brand's creative director says the model has 'a twinkle in her eye' like Cara Delevingne.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham in 1995.
He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was hit by train on tracks in Indio, California, on Saturday.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
On Monday, friends paid tribute to student, who attended Coachella.
They described him as 'genuine' and always 'happy' man, who had 'wildest taste in music'
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City.
The Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off.
Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men who leaped down after him.
The man only had minor face injuries.
It is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the edge of the platform.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island.
It is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22.
Researchers have isolated bacterial DNA from mummies found in Hungary.
They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies.
Researchers traced them all back to a single source - a single strain.
Tuberculosis is caused by the bacteria Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
It is thought 95 per cent of the 20 million people living in the Americas died.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage in New Orleans.
They were found by David's wife, Elizabeth, who had been in bedroom.
Police have arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and Dexter Allen, 17.
Initial reports suggest it could have been a botched armed burglary.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the city.
Super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored his 19th Premier League goal of the season.
The Argentine has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for City.
Manuel Pellegrini's future is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign.
Jimmy Anderson will make his 100th Test on Monday in Antigua.
The Lancastrian takes just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Anderson says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible.
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
He accidentally let his bat slip through his fingers while trying to catch up to a fastball.
The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face.
Russell said the bat 'just slipped' from his hand.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas doubled Rangers' lead with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering, would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president.
On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby.
Taliya Richardson was found unresponsive at home in Ocala, Florida, last Thursday.
Evans initially told police she had left her two children, ages 9 and 3 months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013.
The review was launched in the wake of the damning Jay report.
It exposed widespread failures of the council, police and social services.
Rotherham council leader Roger Stone left his post following the report.
Ali Williams crossed for a late try for Toulon to put victory beyond doubt.
The try came minutes after he should have been sin-binned.
Dai Young's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on A34 in Walsall.
Father-of-one arranged for her to be driven past the billboard by her boss.
The 20ft-tall 30ft-wide billboard featured pictures of the couple from their relationship.
Hairdresser Tara was left speechless when her car stopped at the billboard.
Paul proposed to Tara, who said yes and said he didn't sleep for two days.
He said: 'It was definitely the scariest thing I have ever done in my life'
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
The prank involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van.
Liam films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
United have confirmed that Rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks.
He raps: 'In France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting'
This follows reports that British police have raised security levels.
Anzac Day, which takes place on April 25, honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm when their tires got stuck.
Reece and his family were able to get out of the car, but the grandmother and child were stuck in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut.
Seconds later, a wave hit and lifted the car up into the water, flipping it and pulling it out to sea.
The car eventually beached and had to be flipped by a bulldozer, before it was taken back to the road by a tow truck
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Thursday night.
Tickets for the fight will be sold at 8pm on Thursday.
The fight was always going to take place at the Grand Garden Arena.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory.
Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' frustration.
Christian Benteke scored the winner for Villa.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring in the first-half of Sunday's game.
Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
Luiz will be out for at least four weeks meaning he will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years.
He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt'
He pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law.
It amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public.
Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners on Easter Monday to close for 'inventory'
She returned two days later to find pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing.
Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against developers.
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death.
Mrs Brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded hand gun that had been left in a car.
Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, named after the couple and passed in 1993, has blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the United States.
Sarah Stage, 30, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
The lingerie-clad model confirmed to E! that baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Spurs this season.
Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply.
Arsenal have opted against an extended pre-season trip.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes.
Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the US this summer.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by pet dog.
Alaskan Malamute crossed with Siberian Huskey at home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire.
Family heard screams and ran to find dog 'gripping' toddler by head.
They wrestled animal free but toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to face and skull.
Dog was taken to nearby vet and family gave permission for pet to be destroyed.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the deck after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge.
She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
By Friday, temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England, prompting a glorious weekend of sunshine.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***'
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
Kemp and former NRL player Mark Geyer will appear on Insight on SBS on Tuesday from 8.30pm.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from an inner-city Sydney penthouse.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl.
They were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
Wenger was informed that the story was an April Fool's joke and no basis of truth to it.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos.
He has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
Mr Body Art says prejudice against people with body modifications has affected his career.
Dalny Vostok trawler sank in Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.
63 crew members rescued with sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit)
A further 15 are still missing.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week.
Traffic authorities in eastern China said they were shocked when spotting this scene on CCTV footage.
The silver minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in China due to its resemblance to a load of bread, is estimated to weight around one ton.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions.
Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days.
The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
Residents in Victoria and Queensland are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith KeHlet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the murder of his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday.
He was sentenced to two life terms in prison.
Fazio's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
Santana previously admitted to murdering the victim and raping her corpse.
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
England boss Roy Hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check.
Pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things don't go to plan.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document was written in 1942 at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire.
It details work on foundations of mathematical notation and computer science.
Turing wrote the notes at the code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
He is best known for his contribution to cracking the Enigma code during WWII.
Book sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) at Bonhams in New York on Monday.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30am.
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him appearing to
New satellite images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory.
Fiery Cross Reef was virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014.
But by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island.
Photos show flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificial island on Mischief Reef.
U.S. President Barack Obama has accused China of using its military might to reclaim the contested territory.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
Police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast, but are not treating it as suspicious.
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving in the ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
The 150 kilogram ray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body.
Mr Debnam says he was completely at ease with the stingray, although he was aware of the risks.
‘I was totally at peace. I loved that thing going over the top of me,' he said.
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut this weekend.
He will follow in the footsteps of his father, Michael, who won 91 races.
The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Saturday.
Allen has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.
The midfielder admits the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house.
Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs.
At least 16 of his children have been taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
The oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General.
Fabricio Coloccini is set to be stripped of the club captaincy this summer.
Newcastle boss John Carver will give the armband to Daryl Janmaat.
Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month's 3-0 defeat at Everton.
The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year.
Choupette is the French sensation taking the modelling world by storm.
Last year she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of Cara Delevingne.
She is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet.
Bath Abbey could be linked to the city's Roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs.
The idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring.
Architects plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping.
But CCTV showed that nobody had approached him and he was sectioned.
Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours and wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, it was claimed today.
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
The 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team.
Hingis is making a Fed Cup return for the first time since the 1998 final because she has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada.
She switched on an electric organ with her nose and sat down to play some tunes.
Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for Autograph.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit and Captain America's shield.
This is said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies.
In Iron Man 2, this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character.
So instead, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary.
The authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal.
United are now third in the Premier League table.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata have all improved.
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
Manu Tuilagi has not featured for England since the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
The Leicester Tigers centre has been out of action since October.
Tuilagi is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for England's pre-World Cup preparations.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells, her parents told the Mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in her short life.
But the condition doesn't stop her from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars’ Uptown Funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her Facebook page.
The recording of her complete performance has already reached 2.8 million views since it was
Cristiano Ronaldo put Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier Hernandez doubled the lead in the 31st minute with a header.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling over a new contract at Southampton.
The England right-back is yet to agree fresh terms with the club.
Saints executive director Les Reed knows there will be a clamour for Clyne's signature.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Geldeston, Norfolk.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
It began with their first dog - a Labrador called Ruby - who the family got shortly after moving into their new home.
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong last month.
The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month's knife attack.
Franco di Santo is playing for Werder Bremen this season.
The Argentine has scored 13 goals in 22 games for the Bundesliga side.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo from his time at Chelsea.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster.
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species known to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, pollen is used to fertilise the seed.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award.
The 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester City in March.
He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night.
Her sandals remain in the footwell of her car, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood.
Friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan - a country with a nascent democracy.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton.
The left back has been one of their stars of the season.
Bertrand has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough.
Bamford hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate’s England Under 21 squad for the European Championships.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California yesterday.
Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video.
In the video, the 28-year-old combats body-shamers who accuse her of being everything from 'too fat' to 'ugly'
The 'Perfect' Body examines just whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark, 22, was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring', for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance.
The venue is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
It will be a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction.
Fans will be able to sing and dance to the Swedish sensations' 1970s tunes.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
This is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.
Since Hart is a Gillette ambassador, the prize winner will also receive a brand new Fusion ProGlide razors with Flexball technology worth £12.
The competition closes on Sunday April 19.
More than nine in ten working households are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes.
Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money because they ‘know best’ how it should be spent.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot Government schemes’
Sunderland are two places and three points above the drop zone.
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his players.
The Black Cats were beaten 4-1 by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
A nurse was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'
The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Acoustic scientists from Curtin University refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data may have come from the impact of the aircraft.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 win over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of the goal.
Ward-Prowsse made his Southampton debut in 2011.
He has earned a reputation as a free-kick specialist at St Mary's.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of The Rocks.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago.
The 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up cash.
Omar Hussain, 27, regularly posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani.
Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
In his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post'
Hussain has cautioned'sisters' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among ISIS fighters.
James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in Clacton.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, named locally as 'Pongo'
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
Mr Gregorie's son Nathan led tributes to his late father on his Facebook page.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Cesc Fabregas scored a late goal to secure the win.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in January.
The attack took place in her family's South African home on January 27 and Marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia.
Doctors say the former Presbyterian Ladies' College student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father, mother and eldest brother.
Her extended family revealed in a statement on Sunday that, although Marli can't recall the brutal murders, she is able to walk and talk - and still
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family.
Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp because she was ill.
She had stopped off to recover after 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday.
Holden said there was a possibility she had been airlifted from mountain this morning.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale.
They are encouraged to say good morning, use memory-triggering anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day.
Tory Cabinet minister Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts were 'wrongly named'
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Tories have a history of Let Them Eat Cake moments, with Labour pledging to ban exploitative deals.
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at Arena Pro Swim Series.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming.
Phelps will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta.
There are so many to choose from but let's go for the reformed party animal Dustin Johnson.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge.
Jason Day has a great chance to become another Australian winner at the Masters.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
The robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
Firm hopes to launch its first working construction robot into space within the next couple of years.
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams.
The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress.
England take on St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI in Basseterre.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively for England.
Trott scored 72 not out and Cook made 95 not out.
Stuart Broad and Ben Stokes took three wickets in five balls.
Woman was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block.
Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm.
He held on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him.
She was eventually pushed back through the window kicking and screaming.
Xu has been widely praised for his actions but insists he was only doing his job.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for Carlisle game.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up'
Carlisle boss Keith Curle said he has been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
According to federal officials involved in the probe, the hackers wormed their way into the White House system by breaching first the State Department's network.
To accomplish this task, the cyber-bandits allegedly working for the Kremlin commandeered a State Department email account and sent a phishing email.
The White House responded to CNN’s revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber activities that were disclosed
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
Until his indictment Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending.
The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs.
County officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
Schock attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle, including many selfies with celebrities such as Ariana Grande.
Video shows masked fighters carrying AK-47s, machine guns and grenade launcher.
The group, Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen, began to emerge late last year.
It is believed their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
Last month, the ISIS-related group claimed responsibility for a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in the Houthi-controlled capital of Sanaa.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters.
A Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test.
It detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $249 (£167)
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRC2, along with 17 other markers.
All of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
The company behind the test, Color Genomics, was founded by Elad Gil and Otman Laraki.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Reds have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff to win the Carling Cup three years ago.
Brendan Rodgers' side are without Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling and Steven Gerrard.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The football-sized tumour is growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine.
Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour.
A day before her last chemotherapy treatment, her mother gave birth to her second child, Skylah.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around.
She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
Lair is set to have her seventh child in August - currently there is no word on possible names.
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family.
She was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year.
Now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill, in Sydney's inner-west, needs to raise $100,000.
The mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell.
'My oncologist has recommended I try this new
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Kenya has struggled to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with Somalia.
Photographer Dark.Cyanide, 18, scales some of the city's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view.
Many of his vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below.
He says security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings, but even if he can get past them, battling strong winds at high altitude presents an even bigger challenge.
Most of the teenager's photographs show Manhattan as it has the highest concentration of skyscrapers.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street.
The Baltimore riots broke out following the death of Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police.
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Former Prime Minister says he is 'absolutely not' in 'league of the super-rich'
Blair said he is now more interested in working at a 'global level'
Claims money he generates pays for the 'infrastructure' around him.
Spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine.
Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons.
Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He was asked to talk about the trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
He said the films were anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music.
The BBC apologised and admitted the hoaxer fell victim to hoaxer.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months.
Her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher.
The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church.
Despite the state funding, the church broke no state or federal laws when the couple's employment was terminated, they maintain.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
Long-term condition was caused by Bob's belief that he had been born into the wrong body.
Roxy told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the 'luckiest woman in the world'
Yazidi women and children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes.
They were forced to marry and convert to Islam and raped repeatedly.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS.
The victims were part of a group of 216 Yazidis who were recently released by ISIS after being captured last year.
Vandal smashed window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons in South London.
Store front of Brixton branch was covered in shattered glass.
'No evictions' and 'yuppies' spray painted on housing advertisements.
One man arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Organisers of Reclaim Brixton event denounced violent actions of 'one idiot'
England reached 341-5 on the first morning of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341 for five.
The Shepherd's Crown will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
The plot of the final book is unknown, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
He went on to sell 85million books worldwide, with his work being translated into 37 languages.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620.
There will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season.
Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club.
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update.
It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
But it is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity.
The Glass House in Chislehurst was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951.
The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.
It has now been put on the market for £3.5million and also boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and outside roof terrace.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 in the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from 1983 film, The Meaning of Life.
Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
He can be heard in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was spotted peering out from behind trees in the Fraser National Park north-east of Melbourne.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite.
A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search.
The officer knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was finally safe.
Other rescuers quickly followed, with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket, before he was gently taken from the bush to where
California giant's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Later this year, seven of the robots will compete in a 'robo oylmpics' - designed to recreate natural disasters the robots could one day be sent into.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk dressed up as the aforementioned superhero.
The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club.
Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for Zenit in all competitions.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and planned to turn it into a trattoria.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked.
While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar.
The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
He sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street.
But the 39-year-old chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for rape of 15-year-old daughter.
She 'coached' husband Gary, 29, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times'
She planned to tell friends and family she got pregnant with stranger.
Husband admitted to raping girl 'every few days' and sexually assaulting her sister.
Prosecutor Nancy Violi called crime'most heinous' she had dealt with in 14 years on job.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs.
The film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Lazarus raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney.
He was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped the teenage virgin.
In a text message to a friend the afternoon after the attack, Lazarus said: 'I honestly have zero recollection of calling you... Was a sick night – took a chick's virginity'
European Parliament set to vote on whether to include calorie counts on labels.
Currently, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value.
But winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise 'a bottle of red wine has about the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive biscuits'
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
The 26-year-old left Bradford at the end of last season.
London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'It's a great signing for the club'
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
The England youngster rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool.
But he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy.
She is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party which wants independece.
But the 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus.
The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
United were able to string together over 400 more successful passes than Chelsea.
Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about results.
Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Under 21s side lost 3-1 to West Ham.
Dan Potts opened the scoring before Adam Drury's own goal doubled their lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth.
David Bowie came eighth, just beating former Spice Girl turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
Now researchers believe it could be used to boost memory and ward off dementia.
Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain.
It has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The striker has scored 15 goals in the competition.
Austin says his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side now have 115 goals for the season.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play in order to reach final.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park.
The Cumbrian striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Murray's speed of thought is rapid and you will struggle to find a frontman with a better ability to win the ball in the air.
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
The loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30.
Chelsea's victory over Manchester United makes it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the league leaders.
Gerrard will play his final game in England against Stoke City on May 24.
The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer for players.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
The Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football.
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and the stick' approach.
Suggests confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers.
Also suggests 'threats falling short of brute force' as suitable methods.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition.
Doctors said he would need to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left him severely disabled for life.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery.
He underwent a series
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric all showed off their skills.
Real cut the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points.
The European Champions were boosted by the return of Gareth Bale.
Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans.
Claims they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander.
But Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Tories angrily deny specific proposals set out in document revealed by Lib Dems.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa against Tottenham in the 35th minute.
The Belgian striker scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle.
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war.
They believe the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape, the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists.
The researchers described it as a'sunken ship in the desert'
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici in extra time.
Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat Reading.
The Gunners will head back to Wembley on May 30 aiming to defend the trophy.
Liverpool's sponsorship agreement with Standard Chartered Bank has been extended for three years.
The partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
This is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes the time is right.
Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo were forced to retire after engine failure.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage.
But a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback.
Watford temporarily moved top by beating Middlesbrough in the lunch-time kick-off.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
The Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Vettel beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost to what he described as a 'non-existent penalty'
The decision will add to calls for the use of video replays.
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri said Carvalho was 'the last man'
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a boy.
The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English but failed to pick up the meaning of the T-shirt.
His supporters quickly rallied behind him and used the hashtag #WeAreWithYouMashi to fight back.
Letter from passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot 'providing proof that we're all in this together' has gone viral.
A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter, and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares.
In it, a passenger writes how she feels the need to'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand'
She thanks the pilot and the airline for 'allowing her' to live her life in Spain, while splitting the time with family in England too.
Labour leader faced further humiliation today as he lost support of plus-sized blogger.
Callie Thorpe was listed on letter supporting Mr Miliband as receptionist.
But online she also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger'
She has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays.
Roberto Mancini's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club.
Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson were signed.
But the dilemma remains the same: How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP (financial fair play) regulations again?
Liverpool bought players like Jordan Henderson, Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling and invested in making them better.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the Fast & Furious franchise.
But this week she was unmasked as a fraud.
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
'Being both an actress and stunt driver, there is no better film to be involved in,' she told her interviewer.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night.
Webb asked her principal for permission, and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit.
Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children.
Former District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors.
Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
He sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case.
Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary, at least some colleagues stuck by him.
Ukip announced it would make St George's Day a Bank Holiday in England.
But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
Cui Hongfang, 73, was knocked over by a Canadian tourist while visiting the Great Wall of China.
She hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman's death.
Premier League had agreed to a request from the BBC to film the trophy at Stamford Bridge to help with their programme preparation.
But it was on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen at Chelsea by members of the public.
Tony McCoy received what is sure to be the first of a whole host of awards to mark his retirement as the greatest ever jump jockey.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town.
Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said that Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service.
The Apple founder's widow said that the former First Lady is a'revolutionary' woman.
Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa.
But she was blasted for her'staged' visit on Tuesday to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa.
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth may not be the only rival Rory McIlroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam and add more majors to his collection.
McDowell believes Spieth is more comparable to Tiger Woods.
The world number one sealed his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have been linked with a move for Raheem Sterling.
Sterling's contract talks are currently on hold.
The 20-year-old admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Saracens face Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
Wesley Fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is back to anchor the Saracens midfield.
Julien Bonnaire vs Billy Vunipola will be key to Sarries' game plan.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw.
'The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said Jonah's proud father Simon Scott.
Hugo Lloris injured his knee against Leicester City on Tuesday.
The France international was carried off on a stretcher.
Lloris missed Tottenham's friendlies against Brazil and Denmark.
Tottenham are seventh in the Premier League table with eight games remaining.
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series.
Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria on March 31.
Muslim leader Farouk Younis said Muslims must talk to other teenagers.
Said they could be followed by friends who'might be looking at them'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity.
It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up.
One interesting aspect is that the rover’s tracks cannot be seen.
This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface.
The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Prime Minister says he will amend Working Times regulations for three days.
People can volunteer or serve as a school governor and get paid.
But business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
Ministers say they will not be forced to organise paid time-off for employees.
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea.
The Belgian has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of games.
Graeme Souness believes Hazard will be named PFA Player of the Year.
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 will face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Vereniki Goneva received a one-week ban for striking Saracens flanker Kelly Brown.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz is still not fully fit and may be forced to return early.
Robert Tomanovich owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan.
He first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag on a fence.
A second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business.
Tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, but an employee admitted that the second nooses was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United.
Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance.
Arabtrust and Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees were paid in commission to unnamed parties.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family.
The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
On Friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
The 10-second video, obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins, is titled 'Lessons from Dan'
The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
Blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page.
A snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in Russia.
The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk.
A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison.
‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ they said.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
The Southern Poverty Law Center filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender
Singer has had many adventures beyond London's SW3 postcode.
Says he packs the bare minimum and enjoys staying in the odd Travelodge.
Loves to surf in the Arctic and wants to join the Mile High Club.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the process of converting short-term memories to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep.
Scientists have long known that sleep, memory and learning are deeply connected.
Most animals, from flies to humans, have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia.
The elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern China.
It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the mud.
Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to help stabilise the elephant's condition.
Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm.
Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions.
But clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Yeovil Town lost 1-1 to Notts County in their first game in charge.
Paul Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
The Glovers are the first League One side to be relegated.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Students wore blue to class in memory of Millie, decorated her locker with notes and photographs, and paid tribute to her on social media.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
Diana's butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium, where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation.
In 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants.
Other European countries also have similar numbers, with Germany having nine million, France recording 7.5million and Spain reporting more than six million.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six matches.
Villa boss Tim Sherwood will consider selling the Belgium international.
Sherwood also wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling's face.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure.
Sportsmail revealed City will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season.
The 31-year-old has two years left on a £220,000-a-week deal.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon.
The Queensland Reds fly-half is the latest Australia international to move abroad.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months in prison.
Prosecutors said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year.
The city contains over sixty per cent of the world's art heritage.
But for its population of 350,000, that's an overwhelming figure.
A new initiative set up by Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
Dale Cregan on hunger strike for second time in bid to be moved to psychiatric hospital.
31-year-old was transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester.
But in desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
He is hoping to be transferred from Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital, Merseyside.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son.
The drama started when Ms Xie went to Yang with her child for help after she dropped her key down the gap between the lift and the fourth floor.
Police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence of the accident.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
Staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside.
The five-year-old held the rings at the wedding on Saturday, with his mother saying Corey looked'very handsome' in a suit.
Veteran scriptwriter Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital.
Said parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees.
Qantas''smart casual' dress code has been enforced by the airline.
Customers have taken to social media to complain about the new rules.
One woman said she was refused entry to the lounge because she was wearing Havianas.
The decision has reportedly been made after feedback from customers concerned about the style in the lounges.
LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after making a New Year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more.
She also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's dancing skills on Sky's Soccer AM.
Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday.
The former England striker even went as far as to highlight where Adam was going wrong.
Crouch was less than impressed with Adam's post-strike antics.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final second leg.
Arturo Vidal gave the Italians the lead from the penalty spot in Turin.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street.
It featured impressionists playing celebrities such as Michael Caine and Keith Richards living as neighbours.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of last year's Sydney Test.
The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role.
Root should not be moved up the batting card.
Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player captain.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
The Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported because he is an alcoholic.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he will be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
Kell Brook and Frankie Gavin will fight at London's O2 Arena on May 20.
Amir Khan's promoter Eddie Hearn is set to announce the fight.
Khan's father Shah says the fight could have taken place if Hearn had toned it down.
Summer Elbardissy was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year.
She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window.
Seconds later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground'
She was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising.
Now, 19-year-old has filed lawsuit against university and fraternity.
Claims she was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking and swallowing food.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on a Facebook page that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, in London.
Honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player.
She left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home.
Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing and throwing around £50 notes.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
But when he was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause.
Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her.
She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder.
The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today.
Cruz tried to block Lynch from clearing a procedural hurdle earlier in the day, giving an impassioned speech on the chamber floor urging his colleagues to oppose her nomination.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Mrs Marriott couldn't get hold of the RSCPA so called the police to help them.
Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to the station.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
The Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Kitchens sell houses. They are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
There’s no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment.
He told a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason'
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She walked through Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in Inchicore.
An unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
The Gunners have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan.
Arsenal have been scouting 22-year-old Genoa goalkeeper Mattia Perin for the past three years.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
A tweet was published that read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'
It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars.
He said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead.
Parker posted $250 bond and was issued a trespass warning.
He is also never allowed to use the bus again.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
She was benched the first two tournaments and the coach told her she would not play much for the rest of the season.
Her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about 'playing' claiming her daughter 'wants to play'
Audrey might miss the opportunity to play this season as there is only one tournament remaining in the club season, but
Garry Monk wants Swansea to continue their impressive form against Everton.
Roberto Martinez was lauded by Everton fans last season as the club qualified for Europe with a fifth-placed finish in the Premier League.
But the going has been a lot tougher for the Spaniard in his second season on Merseyside.
Everton have only removed the spectre of relegation by winning their last three matches.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked, with NHS now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
She came first in the UTMB five times, and took gold in the Women's 100km World Championships in Korea in 2006.
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
His outstretched arms help him to remain airborne.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in Championship play-off.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side.
The Owls have now lost all three points against Brentford.
Cardiff University study found most teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers.
This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits.
Researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren across Wales.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract.
Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday.
The midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons.
Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
Jenna revealed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy, revealing that her second daughter is due in August.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
It is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival.
Walsh will ride Ballycasey in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million flat to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year.
The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse.
It was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But new evidence was uncovered by Dr Sergey Leshchinsky, from Tomsk State University.
He spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western Europe and Russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago.
The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
In turn it meant the giant animal
Robert Downey Jr was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
He said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday.
It was his ninth win in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle.
His former club have since plummeted in the Premier League.
Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind.
The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
Dale Cregan reportedly transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital.
The 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
Cregan reportedly refused food at Category A jail after being moved to solitary.
Source said: 'If he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating'
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22.
He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born to Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19.
They have been spotted roaming around the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
While they have different mothers, they share a father, 32-year-old Ernie.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
Proposal to build the pipeline has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
It would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart after oil leak.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said.
Plane had 123 passengers and five crew members on board when it took off.
Comes less than two weeks after Germanwings plane crashed into French Alps.
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide.
Small wooden angels were placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights.
Flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join mourners in west-German city.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
A defeat at the Emirates would leave them eight points behind.
Liverpool need to beat Arsenal to keep up their Champions League hopes.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $300,000 cash bail Tuesday.
He has been ordered to have no contact with the victim.
DeWitt was one of the first teachers to join the faculty at the prestigious school in 1992.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia on 6th April.
He will spend four weeks with Australian Defence Force.
The 30-year-old will visit the Australian War Memorial and the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five.
Her parents were told she only had three months to live.
She went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 in her memory.
Suma was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013.
She was initially given daily pain medication to relieve the pain.
But on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the orangutan's thorough health examination by surgeons.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina.
He suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel.
They did not see Jordan's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment.
But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Graham White, 76, said the changes to the property looks'more like a children's playscheme'
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury.
The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries.
Poynton had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
The French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership’s second best side.
Jonathan Davies is determined to deliver another perfect performance in Saint Etienne.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were hammered by Edin Dzeko and Co in a replay last season.
Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling, who is turning down contracts worth £100,000-per-week.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
There are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos.
Esteban Cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy.
Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League.
Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered.
The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The world No 2 looked out of sorts in the match.
Dimitrov will play Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches.
Jose Mourinho's team sit seven points ahead of second-placed Arsenal.
United travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday.
Assistant secretary general of Jamaat-e-Islami party headed militia group.
He was behind killing of 120 unarmed farmers in 1971 independence war.
Move slammed by man's supporters, who have called for nationwide general strike.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
But David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
She made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems.
F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Former world champion Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014.
State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut.
Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel, it emerged today.
But all the revelations are nothing more than April Fool's Day pranks.
And the Mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was made up.
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek new life in UK.
His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.
She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals'
'His mother will never get his body back. She'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man.
The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
But the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores.
He demanded cash from an accomplice but was foiled by shopkeeper Sab Dhillon.
Dhillon tackled McKerry and tackled him to the floor with a baseball bat.
McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his crimes.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
But they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.
Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
She has worked for his promotional company since being recruited as a massage therapist for his 2011 fight against Victor Ortiz.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
It also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour's Argentinian link was an 'embarrassment' for Miliband.
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang.
She was being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man in Dongguan.
He offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
Video footage shows the man wheeling himself to the pharmacy.
But when he sat down with her, he reassured her: 'Don't worry, I am not going to harm you'
But he did ask her to call the police and reporters.
Peter Moore received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
It apologised for family's'recent bereavement' and said officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax.
The 47-year-old pottery factory worker demanded an apology from the Government.
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday.
The England striker may not play again this season because of injury problems.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Sturridge.
Sturridge missed five months with calf and thigh issues.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
Woods has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times.
The 14-time major winner has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter Sarah Wright was injured.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
An investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood and made it unstable.
Town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid more than £86,000 in compensation.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren, saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
A day later, it had swept the world. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's Facebook page in a bid to track her down.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne who lost it at a friend's birthday party on Saturday night.
Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station.
Bella has since put a password on her phone.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.
David Silva and Jesus Navas were also on target for Manuel Pellegrini's side at the Etihad Stadium.
West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate was injured in the second half and required oxygen before leaving the pitch on a stretcher.
Feline was chasing bird when it slipped on icy surface and lost its footing.
As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
Hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool.
The Spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for Mathieu Debuchy.
Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's 40 metre record.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria.
Residents were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime.
The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir.
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick.
Inverness were denied a clear penalty kick before half-time.
The decision to dismiss the Celtic keeper was correct.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking.
The two players have a shisha pipe apiece and are also drinking Fanta.
Sterling has turned down a deal worth around £100,000 per week.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
But one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume.
Tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the UFO could be
Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend.
Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08.
Abad had two drunken-driving arrests in the last four years, including one for an accident in which he plowed through the wall of a convenience store.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the Ghana international.
The 25-year-old fits into Mauricio Pochettino's plans to sign young and hungry players.
The orphaned youngsters were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced.
First of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple.
They are now on normal bottles and are growing at an astonishing rate.
Birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees.
Artichoke water is said to contain iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night.
The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track.
They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad.
A disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on Indonesian TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in January.
Porto face Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
They are the only undefeated side in the competition so far.
But Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
The former Barcelona goalkeeper labels Pep Guardiola 'a winner'
Samantha Armytage interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer.
The 37-year-old congratulated Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'
A Change.com petition has been launched asking for Sunrise to apologise for the comment.
Armytage and Sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning.
They have been sent to the medical examiner's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
The little owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
He then tugged at one of his brother's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war.
The scene was photographed from just six metres away by sales manager Dean Mason, 49.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.
Co-author Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49, were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
The book also explores momentous periods which truly characterised Italian fashion.
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was later sold at auction for £2,200 and could now be worth millions.
Bed features biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary.
TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots.
DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII.
Gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture.
The model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against three-year-old big cats in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
But as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying the behaviour of lions for years.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison three times during the 1970s.
He eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help.
Jessica Cleland, 19, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
She was bullied online by two teenage boys who thought she was a 'f***ing sook'
Her parents are now campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously.
The Cleland's are disappointed with the Victorian police for failing to investigate and want to see the teenagers held accountable for their actions.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
After a series of interviews, the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
A Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
David Cameron has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the election.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Farage’s Ukip.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Lewis died Friday. Lloyd says both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2.
Kevin Mirallas was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign.
But his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Mirallas over his future at the end of the season.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
He initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving.
The 35-year-old then made up a series of stories to shift the blame.
X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Gary Neville believes United can beat anyone with their form.
Bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as "melanism" can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers a dark colour.
First comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
The study was published on April 6 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury.
It has an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown.
Zara Phillips was due to make her Kentucky debut on Friday.
The Queen's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test.
Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the Eventing at London 2012.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
The average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17.
When he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax.
But it later emerged Labour is proposing a time limit on it.
Tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway.
Andy Erlam won High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014.
He was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing.
Mr Erlam is following in the footsteps of Martin Bell, who stood as an 'anti sleaze' candidate in 1997.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' from Shenyang, North China, has taken 30,000 selfies with passengers.
The 58-year-old is one of the most recognised faces in the region.
On average, he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support for his fellow Dutchmen.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall.
Gary Anderson earned himself a draw against James Wade.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, has been sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl.
Judge M. Marc Kelly said that there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being.
Prosecutors have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
The MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
But its owners were served with a summons for an 'unresolved' debt.
Lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over 'historic' financial wrangle.
The ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Four teenagers caught on camera kicking rare bird and throwing another out window.
The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands.
They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire, the message was inappropriate.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian showed off his skills ahead of Barcelona's trip to Sevilla.
Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium on Saturday.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery.
16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
MailOnline's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai, 45, one of the 298 slaughtered when MH17 was downed over Ukraine on July 17, 2014.
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
Critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
The lawsuit was first filed in August 2014 before it was refiled again on April 1 with updated information and after Loeb sought
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and computer gaming site IGN.com.
They divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) and other users dubbed Never-banned users (NBUs)
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
Research was carried out by PhD students from Stanford and Cornell University.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut Children's Medical Center for Hodgkin's lymphoma.
She was diagnosed with the cancer in September but did not want to receive the recommended treatment before exploring natural alternatives.
A court ruled in January that she could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of her.
Cassandra, whose cancer is now in remission, made national headlines last year after she and her mother initially refused the treatment.
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The 72-year-old quit Bayern Munich on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas suffered a nasty-looking gash on his nose during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City on Saturday.
The Spain international was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Charlie Adam.
Fabregas also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
West Brom are weighing up the possibility of signing Nice forward Alassane Plea.
The 22-year-old has scored three goals this season.
Plea has been capped at various levels by France including U21.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Saracens scored two tries with Ashton off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, Durham.
He waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him.
As the men wrestled, Mr Dhillan's wife Sam helped by hitting McKerry.
She struck him twice, helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around to reveal his face to the cameras.
McKerry, from Coundon near Bishop Auckland, was jailed for six years.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under canon law.
But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do more.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser.
This creates a clean and storable hydrogen fuel, which can then be used on demand.
Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira minivan.
But producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy.
With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily.
The major benefit is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar.
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday.
The Magpies lost 3-1 to Spurs at St James' Park last weekend.
Carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away.
Malcolm Webster, then 33, seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
Webster had drugged his wife at their home in the Scottish village of Tarves.
He then took her for a drive and deliberately crashed their car.
After making his own escape, set it on fire so Claire had no hope of survival.
Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.