James Best was best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "Dukes of Hazzard"
He died Monday after a brief illness.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is charged in a failed plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island.
"None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," his attorney says.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.
Obama said the Clean Air Act and subsequent amendments have reduced early deaths associated with exposure to fine particle pollution and ozone.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia on Monday.
The channel told CNN that it didn't want to break the controversial law.
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio is running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the American Dream.
He says Rubio has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
The kickoff to the new season of "Orphan Black" is Saturday April 18.
The cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," a frantic 911 caller says.
The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.
"All of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane," a passenger says.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
Some Afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
A former police official speculated that the loss could run to $300 million.
Toya Graham tells CNN she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
Video of Graham slapping her son has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear.
Graham: "She didn't want me to get in trouble (with the) law"
In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines.
The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples.
That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado.
Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings.
Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday.
Another natural disaster strikes in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
"We never imagined this would happen to us. This much pain," says one survivor.
David Rothkopf: "We are the People. Yes we can. We are family"
Indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized for allowing businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
The law expands the scope of the law to the point that religious considerations might trump discrimination concerns.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet for live broadcasting during the hostage-taking.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages by broadcasting their location live during the siege.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people and taking others hostage.
"There is gong to be change," the head of the church says.
"Walter's death will not be in vain," the church's head says.
Police dashcam video shows a fight in a Walmart parking lot on March 21.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in Cottonwood, Arizona.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was shot in the leg.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "Use Me"
Patti Smith had to push back tears on at least three occasions.
Daniel Boykin, 33, entered the woman's home multiple times.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it.
Thieves broke into the vault of a 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London over the past holiday weekend.
They reportedly took advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes.
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says the company was founded in 1954.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stamped down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
A Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen.
A new initiative is underway.
Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery.
As Boko Haram increases its reliance on child suicide bombers, concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group.
Diana was a rare breed: stunningly beautiful, immediately accessible, witty, charming and endearingly mischievous.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez.
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man.
The Marana Police Department has defended the officer, saying deadly force was warranted.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
The Atlantic Music Expo is a three-year-old conference and networking event that seeks to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
Afghanistan's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here, even by the most conservative estimates.
The violence in the provinces means people swell it further still -- arriving in Kabul's dusty, mountainous bowl of a city.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper.
The Washington University of rowing team was practicing on Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis early Friday morning.
Suddenly a swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack, some even going into the boat.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
The missing "black box" was expected to yield important evidence about the plane's final minutes.
South Carolina police release dash cam video in connection with Walter Scott's death.
But the footage does not show the actual shooting.
A witness says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
A Boston area Doberman recently ate three watches.
The 5-year-old pincher is "more goofy than scary," her owners say.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah.
At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
Ines Dumig is a CENTER Grant Recipient for his photo series "Apart Together"
Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old.
Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity"
They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto.
New Horizons is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles.
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist"
The lawsuit alleges the defendants violated his right to an education free of gender-based discrimination.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday.
Odin Lloyd was found dead in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, in January 2011.
On Wednesday, a Massachusetts jury found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder.
Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide.
A Japanese court has halted plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country, citing safety concerns.
Local residents successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep slim title hopes alive.
Aaron Ramsey's first half goal puts Arsenal within four points of Chelsea.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting.
This week's six things to watch: "The Americans," "Vikings" and "Scorpion"
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 310,000 people have been killed since 2011.
The United Nations puts the death toll at 70,000.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
Video reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans.
Protesters say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray.
They want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes, and say it's clear police used too much force.
The cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video.
Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us place the economy on a true moral foundation and we'll keep greed within bounds.
The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth and environmental sustainability.
"It is a very sad day for Kenya," Interior Ministry Secretary Joseph Nkaissery tweets.
The attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus, with the Red Cross saying they stopped at a girls' dormitory.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry "as soon as possible"
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students.
Dead fish have appeared in Rio de Janeiro lagoon ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death.
Last week, video showed a sailor crashing into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded.
The flurry of arrests is a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations begun when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory.
As the world learns more about Andreas Lubitz, it is readily apparent that this young man had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
Hoesik involves multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in Guanajuato, central Mexico.
Authorities believe she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston.
The woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
The Schedules that Work Act was introduced in Congress last summer.
Dean Obeidallah: Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality were about S&M.
He says the Supreme Court seems to have become a place for partisan theatrics.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Khamenei's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities has landed the country under crippling sanctions.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
The top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that could be unspooled at May's upfront presentation to Madison Avenue advertisers.
Jean Nidetch died Wednesday at her home in Florida.
The founder of Weight Watchers weighed more than 200 pounds.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night, but was quickly apprehended.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m.
Robert Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
She thought that because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes treatment, police say.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) will launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana.
The telescope is intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years.
It is designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were abducted in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria.
Malala: We should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity.
Mohamed Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters.
Morsy stood trial with 14 co-defendants, including some of his presidential staff.
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened.
Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country.
Prince Jan Zylinski challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park.
Farage complains that Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants.
"Enough is enough, Mr. Farage," Zylinksi says in a video posted on YouTube.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.
The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter, settling on a reversible gown with a front and back V-neck.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Two other men -- identified as James Chmela and James Kalamaras -- were named as accomplices.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow.
She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer got a makeover.
YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on his own version using classic superhero footage.
Burns: "I wanted to contrast the old with the new"
John Avlon: I see signs of a revolution in the attitudes of everyday Americans.
Avlon: For the first time a majority, 53% favor marijuana legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes.
He says the production of research-grade marijuana there has increased 30-fold in just the past year.
"Krystle was the light of my life. She was extremely smart, hardworking, beautiful, every father's dream," a father says.
"Dzhokhar Tsarnaev murdered each one of them in a way that they had time to feel pain," the prosecutor says.
The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago.
A draft script of the 1985 teen classic was found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed.
Astronomer Amy Mainzer named asteroid 316201 Malala, or 2010 ML48.
The asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
Mainzer: "Very few have been named to honor the contributions of women"
Chief Justice John Roberts faces a crossroads in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the right to marry.
The illness has gripped 100 people on the Celebrity Infinity, the CDC says.
Of the 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say.
The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July.
Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in a botched robbery in February.
He beat up a guard, put on his uniform and took his keys.
Taylor then walked out of the jail's door and into the officer's SUV.
Andrew Getty, 47, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
Yazidi women and girls were sold as sex slaves by ISIS in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are considered impure and cannot be taken as sexual slaves.
"They separated all of us," says 19-year-old Hanan.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
Bates says he meant to subdue Eric Harris with a Taser.
Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden.
Houthi rebels withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund.
The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels.
Unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley, Kansas.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
Tom Brady expressed his love for his wife on Facebook.
Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.
"By having American sea power in the region, we have created options for ourselves," Pentagon spokesman says.
"They are not there to intercept Iranian ships," State Department Spokeswoman Marie Harf says.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
Car manufacturers are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States.
China is likely to remain the industry's most important market for decades.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
Brady was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works.
The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation.
Keonna Thomas, 30, charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
The actor cut his hair and shaved his face for the role.
No one was injured in the shooting.
Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night.
Ben Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"
Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party are killed and another is wounded, Turkish military says.
The fighting took place in the eastern city of Agri.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, CNN Turk reports.
The new season of "True Detective" premieres June 21.
The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
Carlos Colina, 32, is arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction Monday.
It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections.
New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said.
About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds.
Record breaking jockey AP McCoy wins the Grand National.
Many Clouds won by a length and a half, ridden by Leighton Aspell.
McCoy is the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is facing charges that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
Dean Obeidallah: Oz is serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
The passenger received medical attention before being released.
Muslims threw 12 passengers overboard, killing them because they were Christians, police say.
Italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea.
The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat.
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
David Rothkopf: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment.
He says the killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved"
The prosecution's emphasis: The killings involved "substantial planning and premeditation"
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started shooting up heroin all day.
He spent the next couple of weeks on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing, cold turkey, from his years of abuse.
Trey Moses, a star on Eastern High School's basketball team, asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
"She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he said.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the U.S.
The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
The former New England Patriot is accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez in a separate case.
Hillary Clinton has made women central to her outreach.
The proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who have since 1980.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
"Mad Men" fans will learn the fate of Don Draper and the cast of characters.
"This isn't about me. I'm so proud of you, Dad. You are so brave," Jenner's daughter says.
Jenner's ex-wife Kris Jenner is equally supportive.
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.
A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," a geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
People are removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- amid fear of contamination from ash and lava.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
The U.N. says thousands more refugees are expected.
A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan.
An Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on the troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound, police chief says.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Kardashians seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in Gorkha, Nepal.
The hospital campus is overflowing with patients; the facility is simply not big enough to handle such calamity.
Despite the gravity of the situation, the atmosphere here is calm.
Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Dean Obeidallah: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
At least two people are taken into custody, police say.
Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police.
Protesters are upset over the apparent lack of information.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
The geology agency has maintained there was a possibility of a third eruption.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
The tour will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
Bikram Choudhury has been accused of rape or sexual assault by six former students.
The yoga guru says he wants to set the record straight.
On Thursday, Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis.
U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi failed.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India.
Hermann's project "Flower Man" casts light upon the people behind the petals.
The portraits were shot within noon and 3 p.m. by the Hooghly River.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
A brief conversation gives the reader enough clues to eliminate nine of the 10 dates.
Brynn Duncan's food allergies change so frequently, keeping track is almost pointless.
Her labradoodle, Moose, starts alerting, licking her hands frantically.
Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
The Canadian singer believes she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
Her older sister, Margot, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear.
The celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son, Silas Randall Timberlake.
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar.
Two Troy University students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
At least three former members of parliament with the Party of Regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday at the entrance to his apartment block.
Indonesia executed Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times.
Australia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with Carey's good friend director Brett Ratner co-producing.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Warren Weinstein was kidnapped in 2011 and held hostage for a year.
His family paid money to his captors, but it did not lead to his release.
Militants also wanted the release of local militants, a Pakistani source says.
Hillary Clinton announces she will run for president in 2016.
The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car and buried in a field.
Four days later, she managed to stagger to a nearby farm, where she was found by a worker.
She was taken in by Moses Lake, Washington, resident Sara Mellado.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
NASA scientist: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade"
"We know where to look. We know how to look," Ellen Stofan says.
Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in a botched raid in the Philippines in January.
The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture.
Marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
The arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
The Memphis Grizzlies small forward missed the entire 2011-2012 season.
Green is using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others.
Regina Agyare, founder of software development company Soronko Solutions, teaches local teens how to code.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18, priming them for formal education through extracurricular classes.
The non-profit organization provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
Record stores are a vanishing breed, another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
The U.S. is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
China has committed to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20% by 2030.
The outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place, says John Avlon.
Avlon: President Obama has given Tehran an easy exit.
Nine of 10 mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia given 72 hours notice ahead of execution.
Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"The Sopranos," "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner's former employer, divided fans with its famous cut-to-black finale.
The last season ended with the moon landing in July 1969.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached.
The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000.
The Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai is an ancient tradition in the region.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
Tourists and locals line up for hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies -- at $9 a tin.
The tiny shop is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies" as they are known across Asia.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris.
Bates' attorney says he disputed the findings in the 2009 report and maintains that his client had the proper training.
The Israeli military says four militants crossed into the Golan Heights from Syria.
Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reports.
Muna Mansour is among dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.
A group of U.S. organizations have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students.
The school was not the main target, the officials said.
At least 74 children are known to have been killed and 44 children maimed since March 26.
Maggie Doyne, 28, is raising nearly 50 children in a home in Nepal.
Doyne: "It's communal living. Everybody just pitches in and helps each other"
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off and we won't be able to reach them for a few days"
The pilot was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night.
He was taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in May pending an investigation.
Cathay Pacific, which is headquartered in Hong Kong, said it would cooperate with authorities.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
But that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators.
To assuage any fears, we asked John Swartzberg, M.D., to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat.
Kenya launched airstrikes on Al-Shabaab training camps, a Somali resident says.
A Kenyan military source says the strikes are not retaliation for last week's massacre.
The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of the attack.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%, according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Reports.
Kylie Jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the lip-plumping trend she inspired.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima says he paid for sex with 12,000 women over a quarter of a century.
He says he returned to the Philippines on vacations to buy sex.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
The U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet.
Officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic.
Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control.
UK elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race -- an analogy that highlights how similar British politics is to horse racing.
Voters put their "X" next to the local stooge/aspiring public servant from whichever political party they support.
David Frum: It's time for liberals to look local.
He says liberals have found more political space to move forward with initiatives.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets on sale for $361,894.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But some are still floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a baby early Friday evening.
There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
Loretta Lynch is the first African-American woman attorney general.
Her confirmation has been delayed by more than a year.
Republicans and Democrats say the delay is part of an ongoing partisan battle.
Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight to avoid civilian casualties.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
The 91-year-old hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia.
Frida Ghitis: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," B.B. King says.
"He wasn't going to let his fans down," his daughter says.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination.
The nationwide recall is voluntary.
"These guys just gutted it out," says Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan.
Kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record.
The Badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game.
Sally Kohn: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev verdict isn't surprising, but we need to understand what radicalizes Muslims.
Kohn: Radical Islam began at intersection of politics, religion and religious identity.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Masters final.
The Serbian world number one extends his winning streak to 17 matches.
"We need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," organizer says.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims.
The attack at a university in Garissa killed 147 people, mostly students.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life"
The collabo is in honor of Saturday's Record Store Day, when the 7-inch single will be available for sale.
Michael Keaton's "Saturday Night Live" performance drew high marks from viewers and critics.
The show also poked fun at CNN with cast member Cecily Strong playing anchor Brooke Baldwin.
Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio.
Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about the controversial Indiana religious freedom law.
Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS, told CNN that the terror group is "off the charts"
The U.S. is in unchartered territory, he said.
McGurk stressed the importance of working with Iraqi PM Haider al-Abadi.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
She was part of chorus lines that entertained Frank Sinatra and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson.
A new wave of African investors are buying property in London.
They mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
In 1944, Yong Soo Lee, 16, was lured by a friend to meet with an older Japanese man.
The girls were forced into sexual slavery, serving four to five Japanese soldiers every day for a year.
In 2007, the House of Representatives sent a profound message to the Japanese government.
John Avlon: McDonald's will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees.
Avlon: This is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
Loeb: "A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects"
The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles on the screen.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Actress Mindy Kaling's brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he was wooed by several top medical schools.
He says he never applied to medical schools as an Indian-American.
South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters.
North Korea has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting Christians.
The head of the school in northern Kenya is trying to prevent the children from obtaining a "Western" education.
Experts say ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation.
A lack of hard data on the global incidence of such killings makes it impossible to say conclusively whether such killings are being carried out by non-jihadists more often.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism.
The 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra.
He will work and live with Australian troops in Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
The prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president, and the never ending Clinton story rumbles on.
SpaceX says it will try to land a Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida.
The company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50%.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck.
The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but the flight crew told him to stay seated.
A former banker, 29-year-old Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
He allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in Wan Chai, an inner-city suburb.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Peter Schweizer's new book, Clinton Cash, is due out May 5.
Schweizer: Clinton Foundation received money from Saudi Arabia, Oman, others.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a woman says.
A video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field, barely missing farmhouses and barns.
"It was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004.
His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in last year.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter tells CNN.
Officer Michael Slager's five-year career with the North Charleston Police Department ends.
He resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop.
His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance.
"We are waiting for him. We're very happy he is coming," a Cuban-American says.
Pope Francis will stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington, New York and Philadelphia.
Mui Thomas suffers from Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky.
She has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
Don McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million Tuesday.
McLean told Rolling Stone that it was time to part with the manuscript.
Ella Jones will become the first black woman to sit on the Ferguson City Council.
Wesley Bell says he wants Ferguson's police officers to be judged by the number of people they know.
The U.N. Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria.
Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp.
Yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott guzzled a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers.
Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
Heather Mack, 19, was found guilty of killing her mother in Bali last August.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack's body was found in a suitcase at an upmarket hotel.
Her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, was sentenced to 18 years in prison.
An explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe ‎killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others.
The explosion happened after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
U.N. Security Council discusses humanitarian situation at Russia's behest.
Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen's Defense Ministry Central Command in Sanaa.
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of airstrikes.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The possibility, which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip, was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal.
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam.
But the evidence is not on their side.
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud dies at the age of 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He was the first cricketer to reach a Test double of 2,000 runs and 200 wickets.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Her quest has uncovered a fascinating collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
The note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of protecting a "Yemeni constitution and elections"
Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government"
The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time, when the moon began moving into Earth's shadow.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia will be able to see the eclipse.
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011.
Robert Durst is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
A Louisiana judge ruled last month that Durst will be held without bail.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager.
Police met with a man who was in Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" fetches $137,000.
The outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday.
A family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer's Facebook page this week.
"I lost my best friend. The father of my unborn child," Sierra Sharry posted on Facebook.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says.
"It's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks," he says.
Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center and survived.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again.
The New South China Mall was opened in 2005 in Dongguan, China.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, making it the largest in the world in terms of leasable space.
Despite the signs of life, much of the unoccupied units, along with halls and walkways are under renovation.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a new Hyundai Sonata.
Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing.
Freddie Gray's death raises questions about police use of force.
Thai Smile unveiled colorful new livery at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi International Airport.
The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters.
John Avlon: National Get Tested Month is morphing into National get tested month.
Avlon: Freedom to test won't save money, but advertising will drive up the volume of testing.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike in January, according to reports.
A senior Pakistani official says Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for Weinstein.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
"Pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers.
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "Nao," a customer service robot.
Irwin Horwitz wrote an email to his students accusing them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"
The professor at the Texas A&M University Galveston Campus said he would no longer teach the course and would fail the entire class.
A Bangladeshi migrant says he was among 950 rescued from the sinking ship.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat says.
Doctors Without Borders president compares the high number of deaths to "figures from a war zone"
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III committed suicide at a Chicago-area hotel, police say.
Damani Terry, 2, was struck and killed by a van during a birthday party.
The driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
LZ Granderson: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears tie the knot in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago.
Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range"
A brood of baby ducks caused a stir on a D.C. street.
Some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them.
One duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time.
Loretta Lynch will be the nation's top law enforcement officer.
She will have the power to withhold federal funds from local police departments.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7.
The original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
Robert Bates tells NBC's "Today" show that he used to think that, too.
Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
He says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable.
He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
The National Weather Service says two tornadoes are likely in Rio Vista, Texas.
There have been no reports of deaths.
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
CyArk is a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
The company uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after trying to convince jurors that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
The focus today is on those lost at sea.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
Michael Brown's shooting in Ferguson, Missouri, and Walter Scott's in North Charleston, South Carolina, are strikingly similar.
What's changed between the Ferguson shootings and the North Charleston shootings?
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
The FAA has issued a certificate certifying a pilot's ability to fly into restricted airspace.
The FAA says a gyrocopter can't launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight will stand trial for murder and other charges.
Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument.
The survivor is Cle Sloan, 51, who declined to identify Knight as his attacker.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
It will look at the rise of the cast of "Full House"
An air date has yet to be determined.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high.
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
In 1989, a flight aboard a Hercules named Teal 57 saved the crew of a NOAA hurricane hunter.
U.S. officials say there will be opportunities for "interaction" between the two leaders.
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the Summit of the Americas.
Richard Dysart played law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, his wife says.
V. Stiviano has been ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts.
Shelly Sterling sued Donald Sterling after he bought her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell was found unconscious in her home Tuesday afternoon.
She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital.
Hundreds confirmed dead, hundreds injured in Nepal after 7.8 magnitude quake.
American trekker Anderson was in his hotel room when the quake struck.
UNICEF communication officer Joshi was on the ground at the time of the quake.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were killed in the crash.
The couple was youth pastors at a church near Bonney Lake.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10.
It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children in April, 1955.
About 35,000 people annually became disabled because of polio in the U.S. in the 1940s and '50s.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.
The Guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers, whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force.
Gospel of Luke gives us a glimpse of how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
Mary Magdalene and Joanna captured our attention -- one by virtue of her husband, and the other by her stature in the story of Jesus.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. ordered to pay $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
"PG&E failed to uphold the public's trust," commission president says.
At least 54 people have died and 15 are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
They've developed a new IT weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrives in Tikrit to claim victory.
Iraqi security says the few ISIS militants left in the city are hiding inside houses.
Officials fear reprisals for the reported massacre of Shiite air force cadets.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
In Arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Günter Grass is best known for his novel "The Tin Drum"
He focused much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
Barney Frank, the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office, had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against LGBT rights.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013.
She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph University when she was diagnosed.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Hadi still claims to be Yemen's legitimate leader.
Peter Bergen: U.S. drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage on Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
Bergen: There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January.
He hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
There were no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
"She really, truly was a success story of the heart," a close friend says.
Sabeen Mahmud's killing broke hearts for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, State Security Minister David Mahlobo says.
Native American actors walk off set of Adam Sandler movie "The Ridiculous Six"
They say the script is insulting to Native Americans and women.
Sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He was nominated to be foreign minister by Ahmadinejad's successor.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, her attorney says.
A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision Wednesday denying a motion to let the teen go home.
Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her.
Schwartz: "Kids can share what they feel comfortable with"
China has launched a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
Study: "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
They created a "psychological signature" of each author based on word choices, phrase patterns.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she won't slack off on her calls for breaking up banks.
Julian Zelizer says the financial community has been willing to open its coffers to Democrats.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
For some communities, the group is the local governing authority, picking up garbage and directing traffic.
The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nicola Sturgeon and Leanne Wood all tied for first place.
David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs.
Miliband has been given a hard time by the British media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich.
David Frum: Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
Frum: The body count will continue to grow in places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas.
The Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
The experimental plane has been grounded by the weather in China.
Pilot Bertrand Piccard and engineer Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying the plane.
Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be.
French prosecutor says he's not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that the video was recovered from a phone at the crash site.
German airline Lufthansa confirms co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime.
He was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu.
A woman and a boy are among the dead, police say.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
Jihad Ya'qoub, the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee Yarmouk, was born on March 30.
His mother, Said Fatima, never imagined bringing a child into this world could be so tough.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Varvara left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean.
Julian Zelizer: Britt McHenry's comments about a towing company employee were offensive.
Zelizer: McHenry showed that she forgot "golden rule" lessons from childhood.
Kate Parker's series, "Strong is the New Pretty," covers the last two years.
She shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is approaching HEAVEN (an acronym for head anastomosis venture)
He says he has part of the funding secured, although he can't yet disclose where the money is coming from.
Canavero hopes to get the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017.
Ringling Bros. stopped using elephants in its traveling circus this year.
The circus business has been a part of the Feld family since 1967.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American challenger Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed by two disaffected young Americans.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz.
The boy's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning.
The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS.
Gao Yu is sentenced to seven years in prison for revealing state secrets.
She immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping told CNN Friday.
The 71-year-old was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989.
Mexico defends the move, saying it followed proper protocol.
The company that owns the ship has skirted U.N. sanctions.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called thedemocracyclub.org.
"My flight is not a secret," the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post.
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan says Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
Two Bundaberg residents were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm.
The animal rights organization is assisting Queensland police in their investigation.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge"
"I want them all to go back home," says Rev. Jamal Bryant.
"For us to come out of the burial and walk into this is absolutely inexcusable," he says.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," Lesa Strachan tells CNN's Anderson Cooper.
"To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference," she says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900.
He was denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
The national and international headlines use "xenophobia" as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis.
Blue Bell has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant.
Public health officials warned consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty.
"No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families," attorney David Bruck says.
Kamron Taylor, 23, jumped a correctional officer at Kankakee's Jerome Combs Detention Center.
He then took off with the guard's uniform and SUV.
The suspect ran five city blocks before being tracked down, carrying a loaded handgun.
Actress Alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband.
Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
Milano said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two.
The first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse was released Thursday.
The teaser features early footage of Winehouse talking about how her music career was born.
Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011.
Australia has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is an important ally of the United States.
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri.
The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m.
The renewed tensions in Ferguson follow rioting in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part in the Boston Marathon bombings.
The defense portrayed Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Jeremy Renner was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder.
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says.
"When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong," he says.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.
He has visited the country twice in his first year in office.
The Baltimore Orioles and Boston Red Sox were both forced to postpone games due to "public safety issues"
Peter Bergen says baseball's sense of nostalgia encompassed by places like Camden Yards does not sit well with blacks.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25%, according to government figures.
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Ben and Shelby Offrink were married and raising two small children in Caledonia, Michigan.
Shelby's cancer had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Ben is now on generalized chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Warden Edwin Sabuhoro worked as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
He infiltrated poachers by disguising himself as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
Sabuhoro is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across Africa.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed by a police officer.
Since then, it's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
Lindsey posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.
The clinic fired Lindsey and publicly distanced itself from her actions.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment in the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times as Scott runs away.
"We're in a new era," Gov. Jerry Brown says.
The 25% cut in water use amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Most of the parks that charge a fee are free year-round.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies, who are working with Kurdish government troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city.
Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday.
The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel.
The 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is Friday.
Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
A growing number of scholars believe that what happened should be called genocide.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
The taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter, Donavan and Donna Freberg, confirmed.
Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
He also was known for his musical parodies.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
The U.S., which is leading the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq, has denied any direct coordination with Iran.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
She was "a 15-year-old Goth kid, so stoked," she recalls with a laugh during a recent interview for the cover story in our new issue.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it in the Southern Ocean.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
"We were literally a few hundred meters away; they said the ship was sinking," a spokesman says.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner were asked about Black Widow's flirtations with other superheroes.
Renner responded: "She's a slut," and Evans, laughing, added that she is a "complete whore"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of using weapons of mass destruction, conspiracy and aiding and abetting.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Nashville prosecutors have offered female sterilization in plea deals four times in the past five years.
Dean Obeidallah: Some have claimed this practice evokes a dark corner of American history.
Google rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
The company is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks.
More than 25,000 people have fought Ebola infections in the last year.
But for those who have survived, life will never be the same.
The "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times" showed the world its vulnerability to disease.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," veteran Nicholas Connole says.
Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix.
A second season will be coming in 2016.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the quality of the education of student-athletes.
The lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries"
The plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill.
More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel.
The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, formed their own militia.
The militia has only assembled and trained 40 fighters so far.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the U.S. and Cuba.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
A second robot sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow.
TEPCO deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing shots at Walter Scott.
The video contradicts Slager's statement that he felt threatened.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a top prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches.
The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton.
Clinton is a big fan of President Obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style.
Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12 without incident.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Gray subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains.
The storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Obama's Iran diplomacy already has his conservative critics fired up.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.
"Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution" premieres Sunday at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs inexorably.
U.S. special operations forces rescue 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a multistory residential building.
He was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace.
India has evacuated 2,500 people from Yemen over the last few days.
The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers away.
"She has made it out of ICU, opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard," her grandmother says.
"We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," Cissy Houston says.
New York and Washington have authorized the use of syringe exchange programs to curb HIV and hepatitis C infections among injection drug users.
As Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian toured Armenia, the poor landlocked country of Armenia was trending.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler convicted of conspiracy to commit kidnapping.
They were accused of orchestrating the kidnappings of Jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant "gets"
Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off.
U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to a hyperactive China, a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran.
Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama at the Summit of the Americas.
Chad Bernstein's Guitars Over Guns program pairs middle-school students with professional musicians.
Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours.
The agency says it is evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places.
Giovanni Lo Porto went to Pakistan to help rebuild after deadly flooding there.
His work and his life came to a halt on January 19, 2012.
Two years later, he was killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Photos appeared on social media of young, smiling boys in soccer uniforms.
Li Lifei has been trying to buy a Volkswagen Tiguan for six months.
The 26-year-old says he doesn't want to use a huangniu, or middleman, to obtain the coveted registration.
Toyota, Volkswagen and Volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the Chinese market.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing an employee at a North Carolina college.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reported.
Authorities are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound.
Using ultrasound, sensations are projected through the air and to the user.
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's youngest billionaire.
Thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15.
The Ugandan tycoon is the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Virgin Galactic.
Rabea Darduna says he sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children.
He says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door when it was really a canvas for Banksy.
Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The mass killings of Armenians began 100 years ago Friday.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional.
Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, according to a law enforcement source.
The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Joseph Kent was arrested Tuesday night after a citywide curfew started.
His lawyer says he is still trying to get in touch with his client after he was released.
Rapper Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch onstage at the Coachella music festival.
"Don't misinterpret my shock!! I got to make out with the queen Madonna," he said.
Maysak has lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean.
It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the safety of the deputies and their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of a trip to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations, a Kremlin spokesman says.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant"
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing.
The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry.
Deion Sanders Jr. called out his son on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts"
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in the streets of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation.
Residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency Bernama reports.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis, chairman of PR1MA Malaysia.
The 14-year-old was arrested in Blackburn, Lancashire, police say.
He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, an Australian law enforcement operation.
The acts of terror were planned for Anzac Day on Friday.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies before his aviation career.
Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, a German aviation source says.
Kathmandu is not as visual as the Haiti earthquake of 2010.
There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water.
People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings.
"We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says.
"The police did a fantastic job tonight," one person tweets.
Police in Malegaon, western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents.
Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300.
Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about suppression of freedom of speech.
At least six people have been killed in xenophobic attacks in South Africa.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners are taking jobs from citizens.
President Jacob Zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns.
Scientists have been studying a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
Some marine species are exploring the warmer waters.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season.
In 2014, a piece of glacial ice fell, unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 Nepalis.
The route through Khumbu Icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer.
Don McLean's "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.
Bob Greene: McLean has guaranteed that the memory of those great musicians lives forever.
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
"There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans," a charity says.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain.
She was 75.
The pair met at art school.
Around the world, we're becoming collectively more near-sighted.
Near-sightedness means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry.
The epidemic of myopia amongst East Asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches.
Peter Bergen: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
ISIS has gained territory, cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of Sunnis, he says.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery.
Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the Combined Joint Task Force says.
Rishi Khanal's survival is unusual, as experts say it's rare for injured people to hold out for longer than 72 hours.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake struck.
In the U.S., almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
That's up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960.
The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is trying to portray herself as a populist fighter for middle class.
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College.
Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
The attack left 104 people injured, including 19 who are in critical condition.
The Hatton Garden heist in central London has been likened to a movie like "Ocean 11"
Roy Ramm, former commander of specialist operations at London's Scotland Yard for 27 years, explains how such heists are organized.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
Exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in China.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores.
Customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers" in the desert of Western Sahara.
Thorpe uses the area's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines.
The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco.
Sen. Rand Paul is running for president of the United States.
Ruben Navarrette: Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
The movie, a spoof of the Arthurian legend, did not start auspiciously.
The Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience.
The driver lost control of the vehicle and was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the "Star Wars" anthology film.
Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says 900 refugees have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke on "Somebody's Gotta Do It"
The founder of Living Lands & Waters wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece at a time.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction.
Hernandez will be shipped to Souza, one of the most high-tech jails in the United States.
Aaron Hernandez's defense wraps up its witnesses in less than a day.
Hernandez, 25, is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
Sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
"The Wonder List" returns with a final episode of its first season.
John Sutter says the Everglades are a problem for wildlife and for people.
Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day.
The fate of the five activists will be revealed by April 13.
Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
He wound up in the cave at least that long ago after falling into a prehistoric well.
Anthony Stokes was rejected for heart transplant because of his "history of non-compliance"
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart surgery.
About a week after his story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in London's jewelry district.
The thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. through the shaft of an elevator.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds, or 300 million dollars.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable.
"History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer"
O'Malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in San Bernardino.
The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover finish second with 84.696.
Steve Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille narrowly avoid time fault that would have denied them outright win.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says.
The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957.
The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
As many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp.
Putin shrugs off questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation.
Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denied the allegations in January.
South Korean intelligence agents say Kim Jong Un has executed 15 officials so far this year.
A lawmaker says he was given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service.
Providenciales in Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island.
Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year.
Odin Lloyd was the backbone of the family, his mother tells the court.
"Odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother says.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred at a nearby university.
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment.
Three previously arrested men were charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the 2016 Republican presidential race.
He's counting on Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward in what's expected to be a tough competition.
Russia cancels Kim's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War II.
It's possible that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
This week is week two of a series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
Paul Bettany is set to play the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel.
The movie is due out in theaters on August 7.
In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving.
Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria.
Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard are accused of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Goddard.
Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
NATO's Joint Warrior war games are underway off and around Britain's coast.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings is arrested at a Las Vegas resort on a drug-possession charge.
Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Ben Affleck lobbied producers of a PBS show to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather.
Julian Zelizer: The show's producer apparently acquiesced to Affleck's request.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal Friday when she tried to repel a bee.
"The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat," police say.
South Carolina police officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder.
He is also "terminated" from the North Charleston, South Carolina, police chief says.
The video shows Walter Scott running away with his back to the officer.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been ambiguous about accepting responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia.
This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea and undermines the bilateral security agenda.
"This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College," school president says.
Suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is "armed and dangerous," police say.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing.
The 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires is the deadliest terror attack in Argentina's history.
French-language TV5Monde regained control of one of its 11 channels Thursday.
Network lost control of its social media outlets and its websites.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies.
Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby says prosecutors have the "toughest job in America"
Mosby, 35, is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Critics say the FDA is not doing enough to regulate these products.
Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The cult 1990s television show was set to return in 2016.
Lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their lawyer says.
They were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou a few days before International Women's Day.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of Lagunita.
He and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Det. Ian Cyrus is suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid.
Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau.
Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, a spokesman says.
The attack killed four Somali soldiers and eight civilians.
Officer Michael Rapiejko drove his car into an armed suspect in Marana, Arizona, on February 19.
Valencia, 36, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged.
Video of the incident has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used.
Boston Marathon runners begin their run Monday.
David Frum: With the luxury of time and healing, the city has moved on.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
The number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt.
Kenya wiped out some of Al-Shabaab's key bases there in Operation Linda Nchi.
Two high-profile court trials are coming to a close in Massachusetts.
Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president.
In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a runoff between Rahm Emanuel and Jesus Garcia.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two Shia Muslim opponents.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
The new law will take effect in six months.
The Chilean government estimates that around 2 million people will benefit from the change.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21.
The state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
As the Great Kate Wait drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate.
As with all things relating to the monarchy, there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds.
The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low"
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging along with 13 members of his group.
The sentences will be appealed.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
The National Weather Service says a tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri.
The governors of Arkansas and Indiana were caught off-guard by the "religious freedom" bills.
Peter Bergen: For the past three decades, evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
He didn't reveal, however, whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
A judge decided Arias should spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Twenty-five years later, I continue to hear similar stories of women and girls being harassed on local transportation and other public spaces.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
The U.S. is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself responding to crises instead of heading them off.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The EPA is investigating whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer in 1994.
He said Dahmer would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.
Mother-of-four Tanka Maya Sitoula was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home.
She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam.
Sitoula's husband Mahendra says he called out for help for hours after the quake.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s.
Lazar: "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering"
Many of the survivors broke down in tears during his interviews.
The Virginia Supreme Court said in Jordan v. Kollman that defamation can be both false and defamatory.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
She died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
In 2014, ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata.
An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel.
"The Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement.
In 2014 alone, the biggest meatpackers and trade groups spent a combined $4.3 million on lobbyists.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since 1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish"
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls Iran's recognition of Israel's right to exist a "historic mistake"
Netanyahu says the agreement "would pose a grave danger to the region and to the world"
"All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals that Bobby Drake is gay.
The character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men's" films.
As of Tuesday, 135 cases -- 129 confirmed and six preliminary -- of HIV in Indiana.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
Dean Obeidallah: U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical.
Aaron Hernandez is convicted of first-degree murder of Odin Lloyd.
The jury of seven women and five men deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
"It's a very big decision to make," one juror tells reporters.
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday afternoon.
The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
It turned out to be a ramp agent from Menzies Aviation, a contractor for Alaska Airlines.
On Thursday, NPR ran an update on the Baltimore unrest that has erupted in the wake of Freddie Gray's death.
It said African-Americans were "targeting Asian-owned businesses for destruction"
British men's magazine FHM names Michelle Keegan the sexiest woman in the world.
Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street"
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film.
Ben Stiller dropped the news by sharing a photo of "Little Penny" Cruz as a child.
The fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather won't "save" boxing, says John Avlon.
Avlon: Boxing isn't fading away because of catastrophic mismanagement and competition from Mixed Martial Arts.
Police chief: "I have watched the video, and I was sickened by what I saw"
Officer Michael Slager, who is white, fired eight shots at Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
Two of al Qaeda's leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in CIA drone strikes in January.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, earlier this year.
Hicks turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
The next week, he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder.
An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists by the Taliban and tribal warlords.
For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the earthquake broke out.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets, surveying destruction to homes and historic sites.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, home to just under 270 people.
The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable.
Jay Z took to Twitter to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal.
He used the hashtag #TidalFacts to refute talk that the service is underwhelming.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942.
It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver.
The sinking was the stuff of legend.
More than 36 hours after the attack, investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews are finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black -- remained where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis.
Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the sanctions.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, according to a new study.
The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level.
Experts offer a number of cultural and economic explanations for the increase in excessive drinking.
The world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend the event, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Showjumping comes here for the showbiz -- Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"
David Frum: Gates missed an opportunity to show the importance of slavery's past to America's present.
A drone carrying traces of radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese, who view nuclear energy as too dangerous.
HUD: 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport, police say.
Police say the scheme worked: When the male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive, he would alert a female TSA officer.
A Somali woman was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside Tripoli.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
In Malta, there are similar stories of death.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen.
NEW: Nine arrests made in Denver.
Protesters march in support of protesters in Baltimore.
Violent protests take place in Ferguson, Missouri.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead.
Many immigrants fear they'll be attacked if they go to work.
Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside.
The cast of "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" showed off for the audience.
Director J.J. Abrams capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film.
The audience gasped, cheered and applauded.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Full physical screening of employees "is incapable of determining a person's motivations," report says.
Only two major airports in U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announces immediate actions.
Sen. Charles Schumer calls Johnson's announcement "a prompt response"
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
One person may have died.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, founder of "Hour of Power," dies at 88.
Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather.
About 300 people evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started.
At least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours.
Valerie Braham's husband Philippe was one of 17 people killed in Paris terror attacks in January.
"Today we all share the same pain," she says to the assembled crowd.
"I apologize. I sincerely apologize," Patrick Cherry tells WNBC's Jonathan Dienst.
"No good cop can watch that without a wince," NYPD commissioner says.
The USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
The ship was seriously damaged by Japanese torpedo planes during the Battle of Tarawa in late 1943.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family"
She was 52.
Four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky Tuesday in New York.
A fashion company CEO snapped the lucky shot.
"It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet," she says.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signs a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
The law allows for the procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother"
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy.
Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons.
Under the new policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops," government says.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
A suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday.
The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack.
In March, CNN reported on ISIS recruiting in Afghanistan.
"A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari tells CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
Buhari says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria.
Nepalese earthquake survivors gather in fields, private compounds, empty roadside lots.
The Kasthamandap temple had caved in and Temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust.
"More quakes forecast by experts for 5 p.m. and midnight"
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto, describing it as "ridiculous"
The proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Bi Fujian is a popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire.
He was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for his "poor choice of words"
Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest"
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
A predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if sanctions are lifted, President Hassan Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz estimates it would take six months for sanctions to be lifted.
Scientists continue to study environmental impacts, but long-term negative effects remain unclear.
BP says birds, fish, turtles, sub-sea vegetation and sediment species were all affected.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race.
The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He died seven days later from a severe spinal cord injury.
It's unclear why police didn't call for an ambulance sooner.
A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol was a suicide, police chief Kim Dine said.
The unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself, he said.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of recent anti-immigrant attacks.
A surge of refugees this year has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video is filled with women working in their gardens, taking care of their kids and getting ready for life in the working world.
Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present.
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
The charge could land him in prison for up to four years if found guilty.
Bates' attorney says the shooting was an "excusable homicide"
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack.
Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, told CNN affiliate KPRC that he had finally reached a breaking point.
He said students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues and that he felt the need for police protection in class.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, law enforcement officials say.
No arrests have been made.
Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, a Saudi source says.
The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
"Victims will be dying if we don't have it," one doctor tweets.
The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration have reached a nuclear deal with world powers.
The agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state.
Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south, where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday from a jail.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead.
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour.
That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences.
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of the Canadian preschool show "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
Lilienstein died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer.
One cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours.
India produced 40 million bales of cotton in 2013/14 crop year.
Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
The incident, which has not been publicly disclosed, may have triggered a serious incident.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
Baltimore police commissioner says no reports will be made public.
"That is just us sitting down, providing all the data we have," he says.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Initial reaction on social media appeared favorable, but praise wasn't universal.
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz's nano-sculptures are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret"
Hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at Karlsruhe University, who focus beams of ultraviolet light to "zap" solid the liquid resin, one 3D pixel at a time.
Germanwings Flight 9525 co-pilot Andreas Lubitz was killed in the crash on March 24.
Lubitz's case raises larger and important issues about people burdened with mental illness.
Jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
Tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- is still at large.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness.
In January, President Obama condemned the persecution of "people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender"
Jason Harrison, 39, was shot five times by two Dallas County officers.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police have arrested 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use.
CNN's John Sutter traveled to Yemen to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
He was met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting. "Where are you going?"
The number of deaths at sea has increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year.
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy.
The flows of migrants across the Mediterranean are unlikely to stop.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud pleads not guilty to federal charges.
Mohamud allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans.
Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness"
In the original scene, Cryer dances around a record store, lip-syncing the song.
"It was time for us to try something new," Obama says.
"We are now in a position to move on a path toward the future," Castro says.
Iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the Islamic Revolution in 1979.
During the ensuing decades, the crowds at soccer games have been all male.
Iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer's Asian Cup.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
He won an Oscar for best original song, which he shared with John Legend.
Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009.
Its then-chairman Ramalinga Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash.
A complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna in 2006-2007.
DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel.
Taylor Swift says her mom has been diagnosed with cancer.
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
She was on a flight back to San Jose, California, but didn't get home until late Tuesday night.
Alaska Airlines apologized "for the disruption this has caused"
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind.
There is no cure for either disease, but there are treatments that may delay the progression of early-stage glaucoma.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world with her launch of her campaign.
Zelizer: She opened a long communications campaign to completely reframe who she is and what she stands for.
Davion Navar Henry Only spent his entire life in foster care.
A minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them.
But he got into a fight with one of their sons and was sent back to Florida.
Netflix has ordered a reunion special and spinoff series.
The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against President Dilma Rousseff.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
As many as 400 migrants have been lost at sea, according to the International Organization for Migration.
A small group of migrants in Augusta, Sicily, were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend.
U.S. has emerged as the global leader in innovation, job creation, education, social mobility, literacy and child health.
Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
"I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," he says.
Ronen Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
Ziv and his partner, Tom, traveled to Nepal for the birth.
An Afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded, police say.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denies his group was responsible for the attack.
Saudi Arabia executes a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta.
The Indonesian government summoned the Saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on Thursday.
Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim had been beheaded without official warning.
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau.
A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
WWF report: The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse.
The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a WWF report released Thursday, Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
"Some think that we should either fight... or we should surrender to other powers," he says.
Rouhani says his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
She is not allowed Internet access in prison.
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
Comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
The third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Adam Gadahn, 36, was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda.
He was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop.
One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, have released their debut album.
The sisters were forced to flee Mogadishu after war broke out in 1991.
They are now embarking on a musical journey, gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
Walmart, Target, and others are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions.
Corinthian Colleges Inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses.
Dean Obeidallah: For-profit colleges offer dubious degrees, saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up billions of dollars in federal money.
Online activity has emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media is the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard Shell oil rig to protest company's plans to drill in Arctic.
The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the show at the end of this season.
"I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead," she said.
Seattle native Tim Durkan captured the stunning sunsets on CNN iReport.
The sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
Kim Jong Un is expected to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home, about 18 miles from one of the front lines with ISIS.
The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar, which is near the border with Syrian Kurdistan.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s.
Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
Two weeks ago ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, and that made life worse than it was before.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 Pegasi.
NASA has discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets," and thousands more candidates await confirmation.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked her last fashion-show runway this week.
A new book explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people who make public missteps.
Les Moonves' waiter offered Moonves an "in" to Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.
Gabriel Salvador says he was driven by his passion to see the fight happen.
The fight is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14, authorities say.
He was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
The photographer had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
"It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin told CNN affiliate WNEP.
Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became the Democratic candidate for president.
But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from Iraq to testify against the contractors.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire" on innocent men, women and children.
Michael Slager, a white police officer, shot dead an unarmed black man after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
David Frum says the incident raises troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" at a special Mass Sunday.
Turkey recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Armenians are equally upset, when Turkey protests it.
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged.
The others have already gone home.
French-language TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack," the network's director says.
The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time, and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing.
"I saw all five of my toes, but I saw a lot of blood," she tells a federal jury.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
The influx is due to the absence of control from the ports of embarkation, specifically those in Libya.
When Moammar Gadhafi was in control, he also controlled the flow of migrant ships.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
Now, he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices, to relations with America.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Julian Zelizer: Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956.
The subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, the lawsuit says.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth is the second-youngest winner of the Masters, behind only Woods.
Last year, Spieth lost the lead just before the nine-hole turn.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to address Congress Wednesday.
David Frum: Abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than Netanyahu's speech.
U.S. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks.
But it is how Washington wants this to be, and even though the departure of American troops will be fractionally slower.
Obama and Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the United States' list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president in 2016.
Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
She was taken into custody after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests.
Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
The project was to provide behavioral health counseling, support services for people and families with HIV and AIDS.
"I think there was a seriousness of purpose," says U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.
Iranian state television broadcast Obama's speech live.
There's a June 30 deadline for coming up with a final agreement.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Court documents allege Gray was arrested after finding a switchblade in his pocket.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do.
Several of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law.
Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam asked for an ambulance to come to his Paris home after he accidentally shot himself in the thigh.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
Writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle.
Linda Thompson says Bruce Jenner has the "soul of a female" despite being born with male body parts.
"I have respectfully kept his secrets private and would have taken his confidences to my grave had he not spoken out," she says.
The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more at the North American box office this weekend.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
April 25 is the perfect date for "Miss Congeniality"
ISIS fighters seize several districts in Ramadi, an Iraqi provincial official says.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, he adds.
Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray get into physical altercations with police.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
Fredericka Gray, the twin sister of Gray, says: "Violence does not get justice"
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist.
The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction.
Sally Kohn: Toya Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent.
Kohn: The world needs more momma bear types -- mothers willing to put themselves between their child and certain danger.
U.S. urges China to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
Authorities detained the women in three cities a few days ahead of events planned for International Women's Day on March 8.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots.
Malala Yousafzai releases an open letter to the kidnapped schoolgirls.
She says she was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school.
Nigeria recently held an election.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities.
One Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says.
He was a year and a half old when he started on "Raymond"
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million.
JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains.
The storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers, and President Joko Widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an Indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency.
Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Malala Yousafzai.
The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested last week after leaving a New York nightclub.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
The state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
John F. Kennedy's leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients.
Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker.
The area has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847.
It will be some 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" comes out Monday morning.
It features even more of star Chris Pratt.
"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly, is heading straight to Lifetime.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
It was originally scheduled for release in late 2013.
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck.
Experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software to take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
Shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates"
Same-sex partners registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
Proponents of marriage equality say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County sheriff says.
"They love to get in the big field and go like a son of a gun," owner says.
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday, the Italian coast guard says.
Save the Children says it fears 400 migrants could be missing.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
In 2014, consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1% for beef and veal.
Some Baltimore businesses are banding together to show their support for the city.
"We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," a co-owner says.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon, who pay homage to the '80s on stage.
The band adopted the Lenny Bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it doesn't mean anything anymore.
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
The authors of the study say it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain.
University of Michigan cancels showing of "American Sniper" despite objections from some students.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards, eight years after they killed 17 Iraqi civilians in a shooting in Baghdad, is a positive step for justice.
But it is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to support its sectarian narrative.
ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq.
Netflix's "Daredevil" is already a hit with fans.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock.
Early risers on Twitter praised the show.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
On Monday, the group voted to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted Burger King's offer to pay for their July affair.
The fast food romance was many years in the making.
Suspected target was a race planned for Friday, according to a terrorism researcher.
A man and a woman have been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel.
The suspected target is a bicycle race scheduled for Friday.
Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.
"Never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk," UNRWA says.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his home.
Prosecutors say Hernandez orchestrated the killing to settle the score.
Hernandez's fiancee testified that Hernandez told her to dispose of a marijuana blunt.
Video shows a mother smacking her son in the head repeatedly.
The woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd and screaming at him.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department.
A section of a fiberglass boat was spotted off Oregon's coast this week.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in March 2011.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Obama has argued with Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Julian Zelizer: What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Hundreds of police and soldiers have been killed in militant attacks in the past months.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," Buhari says.
The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
One lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.
It takes almost two hours to reach a small village community, Ravi Opi.
Dr. Michael Maizes is concerned that every cookie delivers a dangerous nutrition message.
He says there is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fats.
A reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect.
The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon.
The company tried to land a Falcon 9 on a drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
In South Carolina, a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court was issued for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
Dean Obeidallah: The court's remedy is to issue a warrant to bring dad to court.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
So far, searchers have covered about 60% of the priority search zone.
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May.
Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
Liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
It is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man's land.
Luxury brands like Porsche, Hugo Boss and Ermenegildo Zegna line the streets of Lagos, Nigeria.
Lagos is among African metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent.
If the growth continues, these cities could join an existing club of African wealth hubs.
CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem ISIS advances in Iraq and Syria.
Sonit Awal's face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him.
His father Shyam Awal frantically searched for him amid the rubble.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse.
Johnny Kemp is best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid"
He was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Jia Jiang's book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang started the project after quitting his six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30.
In 2012, he asked Krispy Kreme to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the Olympic symbol.
Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes.
Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while Rosberg has yet to win one.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finishes third for his third straight podium of 2015.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed for drug offenses abroad in 2005.
Australia's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
"The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," Attorney General Eric Holder writes.
"S soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking," he writes.
UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods"
It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood.
More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
He has a low sperm count, which complicates natural and scientific efforts.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration.
The suit alleges that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female.
The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's prime minister says.
Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
The tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes.
Nepalese authorities are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected.
Miami-Dade police set up a hidden camera in a plane to catch luggage thieves.
Airport workers are supposed to get bags safely onto planes.
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD)
IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics"
Ron Lane, a longtime employee at Wayne Community College, was killed Monday.
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, was let go from the program in March due to poor attendance.
A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in the items being removed.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
"We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue" Facebook group seeks to get rid of "ugly" statue.
"This statue in Celoron is not fixable," Facebook group founder says.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd, drummer for AC/DC, pleads guilty to threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
Rudd, 60, was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home in New Zealand.
He fired several employees because the release of his solo album had flopped in the charts.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones.
Thousands of students petition for a Jedi temple to be built on campus.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year, from 778 to 607.
Laura Bernardini has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
She decided to chronicle it weekly for Belief.
A number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union, university officials said Thursday.
The prestigious private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.
The U.S. is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet its national security obligations, says John Sutter.
Sutter: The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Eco-friendly car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving.
The "ABUCAR 2" is powered by electricity alone, but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together.
Uganda's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV"
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
The former officer's voice can be heard in both audio recordings.
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A. Law"
Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Championship Season"
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouts into a megaphone.
Baltimore police release the names of six suspended officers.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War.
Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
A Syrian man and his family were smuggled into Italy by a Syrian smuggler.
The man paid the smuggler $6,500 to take them to a smuggling point in Mersin, Turkey.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo shrugs off the diplomatic recall.
Twenty years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: Honey Lemon and GoGo.
A licensing manager for Springs Creative responded that the company has found that boys don't want girl characters on their things.
The blast happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader.
The operator of the front loader was injured but able to walk to an ambulance.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days, reports CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny.
The ring got shared all over the world.
U.N. official says cargo ship may have caused migrant boat to capsize.
Two of the survivors arrested on suspicion of human trafficking.
The sinking is the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the Mediterranean.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday, right between Good Friday and Easter Sunday and during Passover.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
In Haiti in 2010, well over 100,000 people are thought to have been killed by the shaking.
Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government, Israel's President says.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system.
One email showed Ronald Reagan feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy "Bedtime for Bonzo"
Another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women, apparently in Africa.
O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879, after 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff, Wyoming.
A paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study, which took five years and included visits to 20 museums.
Comedian Chris Rock tweets about three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious the attackers were aware of his presence.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures Cubans living in crumbling buildings.
Many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
Sandretto: "It creates a whole community, even if neighbors don't like each other"
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after being taken into police custody.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges police are involved in a cover-up.
Gray's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects.
A growing 1,850-acre wildfire burns nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, state forester says.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting.
A picture of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handled sexual assault on campus.
Rolling Stone retracted a story about a purported gang rape that was never disputed.
The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
The 34-member team plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms (more than 8,000 pounds) of waste from high-altitude camps.
The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings of 20 suspected sandalwood smugglers.
The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state.
Alfred Taubman helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
Taubman was renowned for his attention to detail, knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls.
Jason Rezaian will be tried soon on espionage charges, Tehran's chief justice said.
The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation.
Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub early Wednesday.
Two Atlanta Hawks were among those arrested, police and CNN affiliates say.
The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said.
More than 200 Nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by Boko Haram militants.
Millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return.
Charles Alasholuyi was one of those voicing their anger via #BringBackOurGirls, one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations he disciplined his son.
Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November.
Twisted Sister says 2016 tour will be its last.
The band will play two shows in Pero's honor.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement during the Masters.
Sammy Griner was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later.
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
Sammy's Internet fame began in 2007 when his mom posted a picture of him on a beach.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move, their lawyer says.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa may have caused the illnesses.
John Travolta says he has not seen HBO's new documentary "Going Clear"
The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
"It was like being trapped and you couldn't do anything," Larry Johnson says.
"There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," he says.
The Senate passes a Medicare reform bill 92 to 8.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party.
Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says on Twitter.
The film's producers wanted to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster "Furious 7"
Robert Bates' lawyer says documents verify some of his training as a law enforcement officer.
Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period.
He took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"
The project is being directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega.
The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film.
"It's Not A Dream" has reunited members of 54 Cambodian families shattered by the genocide.
"The scars of the Khmer Rouge are very deep and physical and present in modern Cambodia," human rights lawyer says.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
Pope Francis addressed the world at the end of Easter Mass.
He lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines.
Jae Rockwell, the founder of her local women's fitness groups, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable.
Annastasia W. suggested a group brick workout at our local gym.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors, his lawyer says.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Louis Jordan says he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
He headed into the Gulf Stream looking for a good spot to catch fish, and then everything -- his boat, his life -- turned upside down.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga says his journey began in Paredon Viejo, a port on Mexico's Pacific coast, in late 2012.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate.
An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility.
The Somali group has been behind numerous attacks in the region.
Bishop Robert Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse.
He was put on two years' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She died over the weekend at the age of 91.
DARPA says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled.
This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
In his obituary, his family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent 30 years on Alabama's death row.
He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent.
Hinton walked out of a county jail in Birmingham on Friday.
Wei Tingting, Wang Man and Zheng Churan were freed from the Haidian Detention Center late Monday.
The five activists on women's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8.
They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states.
The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
The 122nd diamond found at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas, so far this year.
Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park's 37.5-acre search field.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and other charges.
His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million.
Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
The disease does not appear to be contagious.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack.
"They were shooting everywhere," says Cynthia Cheroitich, a 19-year-old student at Garissa University College.
Kenyatta: "Our forefathers bled and died for this nation"
Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient.
The girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood.
More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake.
The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
"There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," Elaine Weinstein says.
Weinstein, 73, was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Pakistan.
Gunmen posed as neighbors, offered food and tied up his guards, his family says.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting, state-run news agency IRNA reports.
Iranian officials have reportedly asked Pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
ISIS operatives executed two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya.
A 4-month-old infant was taken to a Las Vegas hospital Wednesday.
A search warrant was served at the family's home a day later.
The 3-year-old girl was found dead "for at least a few weeks," police say.
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
Ray Gricar went missing in 2005, leaving behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful daughter and a bank account.
His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River about 55 miles away from his home.
The best lead they got was the sighting of a woman who has not been identified.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," deputy Robert Bates says in video of Eric Harris' shooting.
"I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed," he says in written statement to investigators.
Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side.
"I may be standing on one fake leg, but I'm standing here, stronger than ever," says Rebekah Gregory.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now officially a "convicted killer," Bruce Mendelsohn says.
Richard Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke, Time says.
Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies, penned many Time cover stories and authored four books.
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign.
The airstrikes Thursday targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa.
Rick Santorum says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a "limited view" of religious freedom.
The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP's 2016 contenders into the debate.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges.
He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December.
Police say the man, 21, was left in the woods of Cobbs Creek Park for more than four days.
He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns, police say.
The mother is charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, reckless endangerment of another person, neglect of a care-dependent person.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month.
David Frum: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
"This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it," one survivor says.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting.30-30 rifle.
Walmart says store clerk acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a fallen tree.
The only thing holding the SUV and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence.
Warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
The gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it.
Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian.
Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
"I didn't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless," Gulnaz says.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first video "Me at the zoo"
The site gets billions of views every day.
In 2015, YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces"
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
In 2014 more than 80% of would-be migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation.
Most West Africans make the journey for economic reasons; the majority are single men in their twenties.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
The company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened her faith.
Ghitis: He's in tune with the Lord.
Pope Francis is conservative in the right way, she says.
The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau was jailed for seven years for having an affair with her 13-year-old student.
On Friday, ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple.
Sledge's biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music.
Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her," "Warm and Tender Love"
Erika Langhart was 24 when she collapsed on the floor of her Phoenix apartment.
She was taken to the hospital with multiple pulmonary embolisms.
A year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
New NYPD training materials were submitted to a federal judge on Monday for approval.
They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.
Dean Obeidallah: EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
He says EPA assumes nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050.
Some al Qaeda suspects discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican, police say.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011.
One-third of Huntley High School's 2,700 students are enrolled in the blended learning program.
Blended learning allows teachers to write the curriculum, with students giving feedback about the focus.
Students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days.
Nepal has made some remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years.
The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, making the situation even more dire.
Freddie Gray's death has inflamed tensions across the country.
It's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
Using the hashtag #RhodesMustFall, students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month.
The heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States.
Margaret Hoover: Clinton's loss would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win big elections.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani tells Japan's parliament that his jets have, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment"
He also famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976, in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches.
Fethiye Cetin, now in her 60s, is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
She tells Heranus' story in an evocative memoir titled "My Grandmother"
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "mask its true purpose"
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing.
The film is being produced by CBS Films.
Wahlberg hopes to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa.
O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events.
Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia who comes across as more stoic and uncomfortable with retail politics.
Mary Jane Veloso's family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison when a Philippine TV crew flagged their bus down.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage.
71 people are sentenced to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob, some of whom chanted against Coptic Christians.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings at the 2013 race.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says.
The group included four children, the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
There is something you can do to make an impact.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night at the Dallas Cowboys stadium.
The 2015 ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever.
Taylor Swift was deep in the heart of Texas for this annual country extravaganza.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
The former New England Patriots star appeared to shake his head "no" as the verdict was read.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
If approved, the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe.
Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion.
William Melendez, 49, is accused of beating Floyd Dent, 57, during a traffic stop in January.
On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
Frida Ghitis: The new measures are the strongest acknowledgment yet that it just isn't tenable today in a serious drought.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies, transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. in their Wisconsin town two years ago.
They were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay.
But people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 paid at 80% of income.
The remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day, or $22.
Only 12% of Swedish couples share the 480 days of leave.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif gets hero's welcome as he arrives in Iran.
"I didn't expect so many people to follow it so closely, but from the result, I can tell everyone was following," journalist says.
Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build lie in ashes between Tigris and Euphrates.
Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to ensuring Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
While Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
Despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in this year's World Happiness Report.
The tiny country of Bhutan is famous for measuring the "Gross National Happiness" of its people.
Iceland jumped from ninth to second place this year.
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
John Sutter: Obesity is becoming a national security issue.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials after being convicted of murder in Odin Lloyd's death.
Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network," Kenya's Interior Ministry says.
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years, including December's quarry attack.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Officials are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Loeb wants to keep the embryos from their relationship, both female.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
The federal government still maintains it can criminally prosecute Robert Soto and his congregants.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to neighboring Anbar province.
The government feels restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into Iraq's capital.
One man describes how ISIS fighters commandeered his house.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Americans on the U.S. no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
Police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.
A 15-year-old has also been arrested.
There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
"Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," hospital says.
The young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
They had planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment, let us stay safe"
Selena's family is creating a "digital embodiment" of her persona.
Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology.
The project is being called "Selena the One"
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her 9-year old son, Stephen Gage Berry.
The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24.
Cyclist Wang Pingan was cycling around China for 460 days when his bike was stolen.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had previously turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered, police say.
Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in a 1981 robbery.
Leo Frederick Burt was part of a group that bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970 to protest the Vietnam War.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
The trend is taking off in the U.S. too, with the publication of titles like Virginia-based art therapist Lacy Mucklow.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director.
The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project.
A Wall Street Journal report says North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Peter Bergen says the report is only part of a troubling story.
Britt McHenry posted an apology on Twitter.
McHenry is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months.
Women are spoils of war and rape is a weapon of war.
ISIS is going to great lengths to prove how its treatment of women is in keeping with Islamic law.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children"
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president.
Ruben Navarrette: We've long called her by her first name, and her name only.
He says the U.S. public is smart enough to distinguish between this Clinton and that Clinton.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal rises to 3,218.
The desperate search for survivors from the country's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years continues.
Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost says artist Dave Poulin asked for $8,000 to $10,000.
Poulin apologized for his "most unsettling sculpture" in a letter to The Hollywood Reporter.
A border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state media reports.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a security official says.
Charlie Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
Hill, now 65, decided to give CNN an interview after we'd spent two years trying to reach him.
The United States and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai has built a prototype house with water.
The house is able to reheat itself when its hot excess heat is stored.
Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.
Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.
Australia had the only entirely voluntary military service among the Allied forces.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner"
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
ISIS regards pre-Islamic artifacts as relics from the 'period of ignorance', jahiliyah.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3"
The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Legacy" in the sequel.
The project is now looking to shoot this fall.
The last "Late Show with David Letterman" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano are among the notables.
Erica Kinsman says Jameis Winston raped her in December 2012.
A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
"It's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," says "Anne of Green Gables" producer Kevin Sullivan.
The Apple tablet had all the personal touches of a papal hand-me-down.
The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Graffiti found near Naours, France, about 120 miles north of Paris.
Four of almost 2,000 soldiers' writings have recently been found underneath battlefields.
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking"
Vin Diesel predicted "Furious 7" will win an Oscar next year.
The film has a diverse cast, despite the lack of diversity at the Oscars.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday.
It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy.
Marleni Olivo, 54, threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear.
The mango-thrower says she had no evil intent.
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel.
The ads will be featured in stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter will be covering climate change for the rest of the year.
He's asking readers to vote on what a 2-degree world might look like.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
"And then suddenly, we felt the aftershock," he tells CNN.
The relief flight is only the third of its kind to reach Melamchi since Saturday's quake.
The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice.
Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," Ebony Dickens wrote.
The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia.
The marches follow recent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Andrew Lesnie worked with Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings" films.
Lesnie also worked on the remake of "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones"
The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner.
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers"
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified that the revolver Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched.
Patrick Dempsey played Dr. Derek Shepherd on "Grey's Anatomy"
He died after helping victims of a car crash.
Dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene.
David Rothkopf: The psychology of it is simple to understand: Happy endings matter.
He says tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people.
Avalanche at Everest Base Camp has killed 17 people and injured dozens.
Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain Monday amid growing concern for the groups.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
It says many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years.
Laser seeding involves spraying chemicals into the atmosphere, something which it surely doesn't need.
Duke University students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid"
A rope noose was found hanging from a tree on campus at 2 a.m.
Beatriz Paez says a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot.
Paez is considering a lawsuit.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver beats fierce rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
The pair have endured a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by five shots.
Tiger Woods finishes six under par.
Phil Mickelson finishes on eleven under.
Justin Rose finishes in second place.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
She creates almost no waste.
Six month's worth of garbage is similar to what the average person generates in half a day.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life: Across the Ethiopian border, through to Sudan and then up and across into Libya.
In 2014, legal marijuana was a $700 million industry in Colorado.
The federal government still considers it a Schedule I controlled substance like heroin or LSD.
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill Thursday that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus.
A jury deliberated about 2½ hours before returning guilty verdicts.
They will be sentenced June 26.
Maickel Melamed, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy.
He completed the 26.2-mile race just before 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
There is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy.
Liana Barrientos, 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College this month, killing 147 people.
Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president.
David Rothkopf: Sanders is barely known to the general public, which makes him a long shot.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
He will take over the program in June; he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it.
The Eureka Factor explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations.
Grand jury indicts nine members of a criminal syndicate in Pappy Van Winkle heist.
Sheriff Pat Melton said at the time that the high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job"
Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
Critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
LZ Granderson was once a cop in Baltimore.
He was heartbroken when police blamed him for doing too little.
Granderson: Police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class.
A bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near Garowe on Monday morning.
Six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF -- are killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday's attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission to medical school.
He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools, results that he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee.
The Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish.
It had a splay of white envelopes on President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Robert Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
He surrendered Tuesday morning and immediately posted bail of $25,000.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, is an off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service.
He is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations.
This particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat.
A new way of talking about climate change is emerging.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic.
Up to 25,000 Iraqi troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May, a senior administration official says.
The Iraqi government's fight against ISIS has been hampered by air power and ground combat, officials say.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting "Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years"
The tweet alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States in which unarmed African-American men have been killed by police.
Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for FIFA presidency.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes treatment, police say.
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
Photographer Conor McDonnell shares his top tips on how to supercharge your Instagram fan base.
McDonnell has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011.
The 23-year-old has amassed over 25,000 followers on his personal account.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
One of our six suggested things to watch this week.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Indiana State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died.
The plane was heading back from the NCAA tournament final in Indianapolis.
It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting.
Sheriff's office denies allegations in Tulsa World report.
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation in April.
Bates' attorney says the allegations are based on an affidavit.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responds to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
In March, Dollar appealed in a video to "friends from around the world," soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 Gulfstream.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
Strong's warm-up act, didn't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m.
Social media responded in a big way to Hillary Clinton's announcement.
There were over 3 million views of her tweets in one hour.
Nearly 12 million parents in the United States are raising kids on their own.
Jody Farley-Berens helped start Singleton Moms, a nonprofit dedicated to helping others.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte.
The miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
Zuriel Oduwole is one of the world's youngest filmmakers.
She has four documentaries under her belt, all of which focus on African issues.
"A Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series which profiles five African nations.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
The insurance company CEO had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
A smuggler in Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth Monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones make her irrational.
Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office.
It is expected to earn a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range.
The final film featuring the late Paul Walker is opening around the globe this weekend.
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats.
Many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in Libya.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The movie is set for release August 5, 2016.
The peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Muhammadu Buhari is the first of its kind in history.
The winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris.
Harris, a possibly PCP-addled felon, ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting.
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil.
Lauren Bacall's impressive art collection has been offered for purchase.
The 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, went under the hammer in New York on March 31.
Among the 50 items highlighted in the auction preview were six bronze maquettes by Henry Moore.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
Haas was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
He will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
The prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Rep. John Boehner says Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues.
Ohio has gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones.
Mare Nostrum was launched after 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013.
It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," under the auspices of the European Union's border agency, Frontex.
The argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, of assault after he made sexual advances at her.
This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
There is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency.
U.S. President Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
In the next few weeks, the Department of Justice will begin to negotiate with Ferguson to restructure the police department.
David Frum: The DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism.
Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police say.
Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, officials say.
A New York judge says Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a divorce summons.
Ella Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says.
Baidoo and her husband haven't been able to find Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku to serve him the papers.
Jennifer Stewart says her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
The cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point, Stewart says.
Etihad Airways says the loss of pets during air travel is "extremely rare"
Photographer Andres Figueroa captured religious festivals in South America's Atacama Desert.
Fugueroa's "Dancers of the Deserts" series chronicles these festivals, which attract about 200,000 people to quiet mining towns in Chile.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on the 35-foot Pearson sailboat for more than two months.
Just a few days into his trip, a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast.
Jordan was dehydrated and said he was hungry.
Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in Mexico's Mexican league.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness.
Arango was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training.
The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest.
Tim Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually.
This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLA’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post.
Motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
Video includes plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun's atmosphere.
Another incredible part of the video shows ‘coronal rain’ streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above its surface.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par.
Rose was hoping to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters.
The 28-year-old hopes to continue his form at Augusta National.
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end.
Audrey Alexander claims the trees have knocked £20,000 off her property.
But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Around 30 drivers float in and out of this parking lot in the SoDo area of the city in Washington State.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
The Toon boss has asked for advice from former managers Alan Shearer and Alan Pardew.
Carver was in the dugout at the end of last season when fans expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over Cardiff.
Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
Don McLean's lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle for decades.
American Pie was hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean.
This week its lyrics were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Binmen said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules.
They also left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane.
Residents in Farnham, Surrey, have branded waste collection squads 'little Hitlers'
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
Firefighters scoured Boise, Idaho, for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
Eventually, they found a pair of squawking birds.
The parrots appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined.
Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is suspended.
Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game with a achilles injury.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
Yelp, founded in 2004 by two former PayPal employees, lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor's offices.
However, like many web businesses, Yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company.
Last month, filmmaker Kaylie Milliken released a trailer for her documentary in an attempt to fund the rest of the film's production.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Morata was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid.
Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up.
City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Stacey Tipler stole £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, were caught and jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend 18 months in jail.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday.
The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann.
Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, 54, also features on the cover of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work.
The actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny Hillary Clinton has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles.
Tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'
The device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper.
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour.
Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form.
England's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors.
The 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster will be marked today.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond.
A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives.
Raheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer.
The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million.
Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling Sterling.
Horrifying images show seals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto a vessel - where they are clubbed to death for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International captured images of this year's commercial hunt off the coast of Newfoundland.
They say the baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying'
Some seals die from gunshot wounds while others escape into the water where they slowly die from their injuries.
Newfoundland's government has reportedly dished out £6million in subsidies to seal processing plants to 'prop up the dying industry'
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 at Villa Park in the FA Cup quarter-final.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the replay at the Madejski Stadium.
The Royals beat Bradford 3-0 in a replay and one supporter entered the pitch.
Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Visitors to Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal.
The video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.
A number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage.
Sean O'Driscoll's side lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command.
Patrick Roberts halved the deficit 11 minutes from time.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent.
Liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Anfield.
Everton want to sign Luke Garbutt but he's yet to commit.
Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton are interested in Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening.
He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested over alleged plot.
Allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to hack officers to death.
Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with terror offences.
The alleged plot is similar to the killing of Fusilier Rigby two years ago.
Teresa James, 40, from London, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She was influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired.
In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
The trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’
Justin Rose was runner-up at the Masters 2015.
He pushed Jordan Speith all the way and earned himself a hefty pay-day.
Rose posted a photograph of his state-of-the-art indoor simulator on Twitter.
The simulator lets players practice their games inside their own homes.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax.
Critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff earn enough to put food on the table without them having to raise wages.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man and his group was going to attack him and his fellow protesters.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
The man involved in the standoff was seen trying to throw a punch at another protester as the scene descended into violence.
Dante de Blasio is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School.
The mayor's son will make his decision by the end of the month.
He is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's education.
Valerie Jackson, 35, has to regularly cover her son RJ's skin with creams.
RJ suffers Netherton's syndrome, a rare congenital skin disease.
It causes his skin to appear red and scaly and is often covered in dry skin.
While out shopping with RJ, Mrs Jackson was surrounded by armed police.
They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing RJ.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
The Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on gas supplies.
It is in a bid to lessen its dependence on the West.
Mr Tsipas condemned the West's economic sanctions on Moscow as 'a road to nowhere'
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria.
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light.
A holiday abroad left her in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, tried to burn her ex's name off with acid.
The mother-of-one said she couldn't afford laser removal surgery.
Instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped, Jessica's DIY treatment gave her chemical burns.
Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying.
Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is flying.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for the hosts.
Thomas Muller added a third with eight minutes to go.
Reece Oxford scored in West Ham's 3-2 defeat to Manchester United.
Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side this season.
The 16-year-old has been tipped to make his senior debut before the end of the season.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m settlement with husband Charles.
But he lied about value of his share in AppSense, valued at £132m.
Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information.
Mrs Sharland will now take her case to the Supreme Court in June.
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month.
It includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from Morden, south west London, has donated 50 eggs.
In 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
The nurse injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period.
She has donated eggs three times, leading to three successful pregnancies.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi.
The gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
Members of the Iraqi Army and allied Shiite volunteer militias have had great success in forcing the terrorists to withdraw in recent weeks.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking.
Sterling was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool’s offer of close to £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in Perth suburb.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has informed England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season and one on his England debut last month.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey craze.
He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons.
Hotel Westward Ho! in Folkestone, Kent, will cater for couples and groups.
Food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package.
Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract.
Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old's ambitions.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
It contains molecules of nano-molecular keratin to penetrate deep within each strand.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League last year.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close.
Expeditions take place in a MIR I or II submersible capable of reaching ocean depths of 20,000 ft (98 per cent of the ocean floor worldwide)
Meals, accommodation and personal video are also included in the somewhat hefty price tag.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday to reach the final.
The Czech won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in Monte Carlo final.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites will compete for their first European title since 2006.
Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel.
He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting.
When it became too much, Sapp told her: 'Why don't you use your mouth on me, instead of using it. Just go. Just move. Your girl
Selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp.
She was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
Miss Dicker had been trying to raise £45,000 for Operation Smile, which provides surgery for children with the condition.
Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway.
The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Ruby Walsh warned riders to go wide on the second circuit of the Grand National.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital.
Walsh's mount Ballycasey was able to walk away from his fall.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara.
Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident, the West Australian Supreme Court heard.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health.
The survey, conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates, looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity.
Cheryl Silvonek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia, and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
The eighth-grader was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Crystal Palace beat champions Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Steve Parish posted a picture of him with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman.
Pardew used seven Englishmen including matchwinner Jason Puncheon.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity.
The 58-year-old says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image.
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself inside Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon.
He was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted in Lane County.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle, police say.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Hawkins was hit and wounded by nine bullets, and later died at hospital.
Officers involved in shooting have been placed on administrative leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
The 22-year-old has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for any team in the European Union.
Wellington will link-up with Arsene Wenger and Arsenal for pre-season and the 2015-16 campaign.
Gareth Bale scored twice in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada.
The Welsh winger was in fine form for his country during international duty.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the win at the Bernabeu.
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia.
The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
Many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies, but some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club last week.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old's wrist bone 'popped out' of place and he was forced to put it back in.
Woods, playing in his 20th Masters tournament, ended up at 5-under-par on 283.
This was Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing.
His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her.
He pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face, leaving her with a black eye and a lump on her head.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home.
Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
He then proceeds to walk forwards, performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time.
The 30-year-old could only watch on as it trickled over the line.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Pompous Albert has racked up 44.1k followers on Instagram.
He is a Selkirk Rex cat, named after famous physician Albert Einstein.
Albert is also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein, thanks to his wild locks.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston denied five charges for abusive text messages.
Oyston labelled a supporter a'retard' during the exchange.
The unpopular chief initially had until March 30 to reply.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about Russia's presence on its'strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe.
But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility.
In February, a passenger plane had to be diverted to avoid two Russian bombers that flew through Irish-controlled airspace without warning.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris.
Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
On
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to prosecute the Labour peer due to his advanced Alzheimer's.
The latest revelation came as Mrs Saunders endured a barrage of criticism for ending the case before it could reach court.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday night.
Juan Mata scored a brace to give Louis van Gaal's side a five-point cushion.
United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on American Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
Klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006.
The Ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout.
Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance.
Travelled for eight hours from London's Paddington station to reach Cornwall.
He wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, smart shoes and a red box.
Cameron is still trailing Labour with just 14 days to go until polling day.
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Castro lured Amanda Berry, 16, into his home on April 21, 2003, on a promise to see his daughter, her acquaintance.
He barricaded the 16-year-old in a room, told her to pull down her pants and raped her. She was then chained in the basement and repeatedly
Leonardo Jardim is proud of Monaco's progress to the Champions League quarter-finals.
Jardim's side are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to prank her own mother.
Rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door, Lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping.
As mean-spirited as the joke appeared, Lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible.
Lionel Messi sat out both of Argentina's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
Argentina forward returned to the Barcelona training ground on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
Coach Luis Enrique will be making his first return to the Balaidos Stadium.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is'ready' for it to be shown.
The play stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile.
Twitter users have slammed the subject choice as 'unbelievable'
Claude Callegari has called for the Cesc Fabregas flag to be taken down.
Fabregas left Arsenal for Chelsea in 2011.
The 27-year-old is set to start against his former club on Sunday.
The island, Por-Bajin, was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the island and its labyrinthine ruins, located in a lake in deepest Siberia, was actually used for when it was built.
Experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days before his execution painting for as long as possible.
His final request comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by the artist shot through the heart.
Sukumaran only began painting when he was arrested and sent to prison in 2005.
The artist's skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who has led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair's lives.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were confused over who was dumping bags.
The binman was filmed lifting bags out of dustbins before tossing them down an alley.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Chelsea have made an offer of around £4million for Yoshinori Muto.
Chelsea would look to loan Muto to Vitesse Arnhem next season.
The 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will 'play and develop'
Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week.
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn, Lancashire.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen but the mother-of-two says Royal Mail are victimising Winston and claims her family are being 'taunted all the time'
Angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away'
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off.
Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
The invasive fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
Goldfish are not a native species in Colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem.
Jordan Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
Spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure admits he is open to 'new challenges' at Manchester City.
The 31-year-old midfielder has struggled to hit top form this season.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for the hosts with a header.
Mikel Gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past his own keeper.
Diego Simeone was able to rest Fernando Torres for the final 30 minutes.
Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.
This is instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life.
Yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a left-footed strike at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night.
Barcelona star duo Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi doubled the Catalans lead with goals in the 55th and 75th minutes.
Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes as Barcelona stayed clear at the top of La Liga.
29-minute video titled 'Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence' shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive.
At least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video in February of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya, though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film.
It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of Europe', as Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall.
The defeat sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld to move up to second.
Peter Wright was one of two players to be eliminated on leg difference.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw at Burnley on Sunday.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut and made his first start for the national team.
Kane has hailed the 'best week of my life' after captaining Spurs.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn.
Hughes has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt.
The 61-year-old even has a fan page on Facebook called 'Doug Hughes is awesome' and many Twitter users have riddled the social media site with kudos for him.
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
Sensing he may have gone too far with threat to wrestle Ukip leader to ground.
But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Tory leader said: 'In this debate tonight, jujitsu, is that the right thing?'
Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times against Arsenal, averaging a goal every 87 minutes.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is in the swing of changing the fashion landscape.
Samantha Harris is the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country's fashion calendar over the past two years.
The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Noreen Carr.
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
In 2007, Filipovic was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants revenge.
Gonzaga insists he does not consider the fight a rematch.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines.
The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted by talent scouts in New York City in 2005.
The 24-year-old has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season.
Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win.
Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed several good chances.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
She was devastated to find out the man she's known as her father is not her real father.
Phil, who has raised Sarah, was equally upset to learn he is not.
The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again under scrutiny.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
The tribute to the NYPD comes as de Blasio is weighing a City Council proposal to hire 1,000 more police officers.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in Houston.
She was trying to get on the North Freeway when she honked at a passing SUV.
A motorist pulled up beside her, aimed a gun at her window and pulled the trigger.
Hafford was able to pull over and call for help despite the gunshot wound.
Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
It includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe, according to recent data released by KAYAK.com.au.
Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe.
The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years.
Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online.
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault.
Prosecutors said that Atkinson repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.
The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag.
The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for Wolves.
Dougie Freedman believes the difference between the two sides was composure in front of goal.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service.
The 26-year-old threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face.
Pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones.
He sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found slumped in front seat of car with no pulse.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia spent seven minutes giving him CPR and revived him.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled and was later caught by deputies.
Two-year-old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car.
Saracens lost to Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne.
Mark McCall’s men lost back-to-back European and domestic finals last year.
But Saracens must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the Aviva Premiership after coming up short.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents so far this season.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'Sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains'
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotiations with their clubs.
Sterling has scored six goals and created 62 chances in the Premier League this season.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features, winning 62.50% of their Premier League games when he is in the team.
Dug and his owner were hiking in Fontana, Canada, when they heard a rattling sound.
Lindsay backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile - and suffered for it.
The pug's face instantly swelled to twice its size.
After two days of intensive antidote treatment, he is ready to go home.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was wrongly flagged for offside.
The Reds striker posted a screen-grab of the incident to his Instagram page.
Brendan Rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the official's decision.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities.
A stroll through Times Square won't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop.
Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire on April 3.
The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
They opted to serve the seven days in Hakea prison rather than pay the fine, as they did not have sufficient funds.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
Those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip.
The British Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow the advice from local authorities.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillowcase.
This inspired the 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.
The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
Many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well.
Charli Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee, who serves as the channel's 'chief taste tester', are raking in an average of 29 million views per month.
Richard Clements, 62, was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene, East of England Ambulance Service said.
Olivier Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March.
Harry Kane also scored five times for Tottenham but missed out on award.
Giroud says he is'really pleased' with the award.
Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
German prosecutors said a tablet computer found at his apartment revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods.
Lubitz was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
Prime Minister visited primary school near Bolton to unveil Tory education policy.
Under future Tory government children who achieve poor SAT results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices.
It promises to turn light lager into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Tottenham host Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have won two of their last three Premier League matches.
Spurs have also won six of the last 10 games on Thursday nights.
Pochettino believes Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy is down to the Europa League.
Filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline.
He captured scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone.
The six-minute video has been a hit with viewers on YouTube.
Queens Park Rangers face West Ham in the London derby on Saturday.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
HBO has warned internet users that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
Users are paying about $US14.99 per month plus the costs of using a geo-blocking service.
Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access Games of Thrones.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for the visitors.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from afar on his iPhone.
Fernandes also reserved praise for manager Chris Ramsey.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz.
The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
It is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series’ stunning setting – and actor Aidan Turner’s chiselled looks.
Since the series started airing last month estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage.
The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, and they can be used separately to provide lots of space.
Each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages.
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year.
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop.
It is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency.
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
David Meyler was sent off for a challenge on the Hull midfielder.
Naughton suffered ankle ligament damage and will miss six weeks.
Angel Rangel will return to the side to face Everton on Saturday.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off.
The US were beaten 3-2 by the Italian duo in the doubles rubber.
Errani and Flavia Pennetta were relegated to World Group II.
There were two types of cards used in the 1870s and 1880s.
One was referred to as the 'calling card' and would be used by gentleman to formally introduce themselves to new acquaintances.
The second was a novelty variety reserved for more casual encounters, namely men seeking the company of women.
Collector Alan Mays uncovered the collection, calling them an array of 'amusing pick-up lines'
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
It includes information on the latest suicide bombings and'martyrdom operations'
But ISIS already have a monthly propaganda magazine, Dabiq.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Four Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' during the prank.
They were wearing Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks.
As the famous A-Team soundtrack kicks in, a narrator claims: 'In 2004, a Portuguese general known as the special one put together a crack commando unit'
The two-minute clip shows the Blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign before it eventually reads 'Chelsea'
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico.
The EPA banned the chemical for residential use in 1984, primarily for health concerns.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of St. John.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith.
He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail that the Liberal party offered hush money equivalent to a month's wages to an activist.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Wilson resigned in November.
The statement Wednesday did not mention Brown, and a spokesman for the law firm said he could not provide any additional information about the lawsuit.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
The striker scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Kane has now become the Premier League's youngest captain this season.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
The 28-year-old is desperate to win the FA Cup and end his 270-game barren spell at Anfield.
Former Met chief to be investigated over allegations of cover-up of police corruption.
Independent Police Complaints Commission will investigate claims he failed to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry regarding the black teenager’s race hate killing.
The watchdog probe stems from a complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
He served five years as the UK's most senior policeman.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters.
Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt.
Erik Compton drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid.
It can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set for May 2 in Las Vegas.
But with 11 days to go until the fight, no tickets are on sale.
SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
These are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight.
Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has blamed Mayweather's side for the lack of tickets.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in first practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel was a further half a second adrift at 1:40.157secs, with Kimi Raikkonen 1.6secs down on Hamilton.
Jenson Button was 13th and Fernando Alonso 17th, with Jenson Button 13th.
The Drug Enforcement Agency began tracking phone calls in 1992.
The program allowed agents to monitor every call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
A 1998 request for Sprint to release their call records to the program labeled it as 'one of the most important and effective Federal drug law enforcement initiatives'
Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, shaved her head during an educational video.
A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector.
The clip was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
In court today, prosecutors said she married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia - countries that were'red flags' for immigration.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the 50th minute.
Patrick Bamford doubled the lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.
Aitor Karanka's side moved up to fourth in the Championship table.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
Tipper grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants, Chinese medicine and organic produce.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point.
There are eight levels, and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder.
On the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out, but on the mobile apps players can't progress until they have scored more than 20 on each level.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and son Brendon, 39.
He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday for the double-murder.
Vuozzo was two years old when his sister, Cathy, was killed in 1970.
Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
Judge called brutal double murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12.
She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment, which costs a minimum of £10,000.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Medics had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
He is accused of deliberately smashing his 4x4 into a tree at 84mph.
Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, denies murder.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old made 129 Super League appearances, scoring 107 tries, during his four-year stint at Wigan.
Wigan received a world record transfer fee, thought to be around £700,000, for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
When POMCs are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese.
The team, led by the University of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season.
Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre should replace Guardiola.
Hitzfeld says Favre can get the best out of players like Raffael.
Tim Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the quarterback.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of selfishness during post-race press conference.
Hamilton had Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel closing in from behind.
But Rosberg backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate's race.
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream.
McCoy is champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997.
He will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas.
Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4.
The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
In order for the Angels to rid themselves of Hamiton, they would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
Eddie Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday.
Frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt'
The IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parson, 34, stopped to propose to girlfriend and mother of his two children.
Anna Jefferson, 36, was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon.
She feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down.
Ben then got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
Jacintha Saldana committed suicide two days after taking the call and blamed her decision on the actions of the Australian radio hosts.
Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back.
The killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper.
He hopes his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Mr Sim said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible, but required a better seat and tweaked brakes.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
The Gunners moved four points clear of Chelsea at the top of the table.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
Brendan Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat.
The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime.
His family have since revealed he 'actively' campaigned against extremist.
On Monday, 46, was arrested in Brent, north west London, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The winner's share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.
Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on March 19 and never regained consciousness.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Edwards went on to tell her how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
But he missed the whole thing being asleep.
He even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild, and impressive giant Amazon lily pads.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it is a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
She recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit to keep the outfit in proportion.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter.
The incident happened during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR on Sunday.
QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Manchester United.
United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, it is claimed.
She said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, according to a new book.
Simon Mignolet has returned from international duty with Belgium.
The 27-year-old goalkeeper posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit on his official Facebook account on Wednesday.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
The ridges contain both bright and dark material.
Many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting.
Report has sparked fresh calls for a full independent inquiry into the computer system used by postmasters.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video on YouTube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
He reportedly burned his passport upon crossing the Syrian boarder and posted to Facebook that his move to Syria was a 'one-way trip, no going back'
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to break the case free from the lock.
The agent's bags and some of his clothing were found at a Residence Inn across the street, but the sniper rifle has not been recovered.
Newcastle are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday evening.
Prime Minister accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger'
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Comes ahead of live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
It is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016.
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size.
It was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems.
But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown.
Five islands have already been made, with two more in development.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
He claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman believes his side must win all their remaining games.
Southampton travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
The 47-year-old abused teacher Thomas O'Brien over the phone, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard.
Linton, from Handsworth, Birmingham, has been given a community order and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
Gina Maria Schumacher was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth.
The 17-year-old looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament.
She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section'
The event continues until Saturday evening, when she is expected to take part in the grand final.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, noticed a vague ache in his abdomen.
He went to the GP, who found two large stones in his right kidney.
The stones were so large they could not be passed naturally, and he needed surgery.
They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which build up into a solid lump.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
The fitness fanatic, who recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD, shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear the brand say is perfect for taking you from the beach to balmy evenings in the bar.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
During her senior year of high school, Hill made it through a full season with the Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team while raising more than $1.5 million for cancer research.
Hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $2.2 million for treatment and research.
A man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in Footscray.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident.
A car apparently packed with six passengers crashed in Melbourne's east.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party.
He jumped onto tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill in north-west London.
But coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to Mr Kantaria's intention when he jumped.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace.
Sources claim incidents may have been attempt to ‘snoop’ on Nato war games exercise in Scotland.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through cabin.
They used thermal imaging camera to locate potential heat source.
Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos showing firefighter in aisle.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
He had pleaded not guilty to making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge.
The charges stemmed from an argument in February in Redding, California, that escalated and became physical.
Viewers cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
But Ukip leader Nigel Farage said they were prejudiced, 'even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'
BBC initially refused to disclose the political make-up of the audience.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
The claims were made yesterday on ‘Space Day’, when Russia commemorated the first human spaceflight - Yuri Gagarin, on 12 April 1961.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night.
The models included ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance.
Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp were among the models.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia when he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
He was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic
Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at industrial unit.
Water used by firefighters to dampen down flames mixed with detergent.
This then turned into a six foot wall of foam when it drained into canal.
Environment Agency investigating if foam has impacted on wildlife.
Wasps are set to appeal Nathan Hughes' three-match ban for striking George North.
Hughes was given the suspension after being found guilty of striking North in the 52-30 Aviva Premiership defeat at Franklin's Gardens on March 27.
The pair battle it out on a shed rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
It is an age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup final.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke scored for the Premier League leaders.
Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes but missed a glorious chance to tie things up.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target.
A supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses.
Moshin Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger's third daughter died during a stillbirth in 2012.
Coroner James McDougall said the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the baby's birth, allowed the delivery to take place in 'unsafe conditions', and that her failure to provide proper medical assistance may have caused the death.
The couple, who live on a farm in Kanungra in south-east Queensland, have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife.
Alanna, 39, and Stephan, 57, are adamant that Rana was stillborn, and that it was very clear
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant.
The implant makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Around 100,000 people in Britain have facial palsy.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates.
The Brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
It looked as if the Arsenal goalkeeper had given away a penalty.
But referee Michael Oliver waved away Chelsea's protestation.
Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama.
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious'
Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, confronted her daughter and told her her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while.
Mrs Boyd wrote a lengthy Facebook post in a bid to track the mother down, and it was shared thousands of times.
Her husband has received job offers and others have offered to fund the next visit.
Despite all
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The last time McCoy won the Grand National he followed up on Don’t Push It.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him.
The Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
UK over-the-counter medicines market worth £2.5 billion, according to BBC.
Some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging.
Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience and more about effectiveness of medicines.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Brimager has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
Churchill encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon, made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington.
But he was made to battle before eventually securing a victory.
The 25-year-old will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League colleges.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the U.S. from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether it is positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee is making the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt against Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
The Irishman is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional and poses a tough challenge for Lee.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about fly-tipping.
He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude'
Hydrogen is then pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures.
This causes them to react to produce long-chained liquid hydrocarbons.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago.
Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm in West Hougham.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
Serbian captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Stamford Bridge.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains.
They found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
Detective Patrick Cherry has been assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
The NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online.
One passenger in the car captured the exchange after the incident in West Village.
Detective Cherry pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Liz Clark left her home in San Diego, California, ten years ago.
The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat.
Liz, who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California, jumped at the chance.
Sailing around the world offers Liz the perfect chance to practise yoga.
Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina.
The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity.
Students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members.
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Her husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.
Karl Wallenda fell to his death in 1978.
Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid.
They are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
It is becoming increasingly common because ambulance service is so overstretched.
New ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon out of next government.
59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country, poll reveals.
SNP has ruled out formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet.
But they have left open possibility of SNP supporting Labour on vote-by-vote basis.
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne.
Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of William.
William and Prince Harry are most popular members of the Royal Family.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading.
Welbeck admits he has been unlucky in front of goal but wants to play in a more central role.
The Arsenal striker says he is always looking at ways to improve as a player.
London Mayor launched a furious personal assault on his rival.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for claiming Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power.
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on social media.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling has 14 caps for England and could leave the club this summer.
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.
Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive.
In the weeks and months that followed, he underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea
Aldi has requested the ability to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week.
The supermarket chain has submitted a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission.
National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours.
The botanist from the University of Aberystwyth, Wales, said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour'
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce.
It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact or who has never married.
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Curtis Stone, 39, is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
The celebrity chef lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months.
Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food.
Kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing.
But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown.
The kite is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms.
It takes eight hours to get the full-length kite airborne.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but just want rid of his massive wages.
The striker is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to score.
Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
Israeli geologist claims he has 'confirmed' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary – a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of Jesus' brother – to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected.
He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff'
His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties.
Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
United are looking to add two strikers this summer.
Burnley's Danny Ings remains an option, and they have considered Edinson Cavani.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the 'virtuous and inexperienced' Lita when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her.
One part claims Chaplin delayed marrying Lita after she fell pregnant in an attempt to get her to have an abortion or 'criminal operation'
The papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer in Plymouth.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was travelling in a three-car convoy in March.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
But he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches remaining.
Blues boss was not surprised to see Manchester City slip up at Crystal Palace last Monday to all but end their title hopes.
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in and have a 25½in waist.
They must also have a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be able to do yoga.
The adverts for Austrian water brand Vöslauer are due to start in London shortly.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
But a judge told him he must repay the money within six months or face four more years in prison.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini.
Uruguayan striker was condemned by world football but completed £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side.
Suarez's wife Sofia has revealed that the Barcelona star told her he didn't bite the defender during the World Cup in Brazil.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan, when he broke his neck.
He remains in hospital in the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, where he was put into a coma for extensive surgery.
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer.
The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the 'Illuminati'
Police raided his home in Colne, Lancashire, in September 2013.
They found the disturbing images on a digital storage device.
Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category, with a further 872 at the next level.
Burnley Crown Court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The Irishman insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
McGregor grabbed Aldo's belt when they took their promotional tour.
Phillip and Gaby had paid £325,000 for their London home five years before.
But the builders left them with no roof and just tarpaulin.
As a result, they ran off with £17,000 of their money.
The family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week.
Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are working behind the scenes on finalising the club's targets ahead of next season.
Pochettino is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club.
The University of Michigan canceled a screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
'The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location,’ Harper’s statement read.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd as they were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours.
The final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table', which involved cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by Italian chef Massimo Bottura.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the award.
Bournemouth's Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin were also in the top 10.
Le Dele Alli was named the Football League's Young Player of the Year.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Sunday.
Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from League One.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered, including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
She has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron’s pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
Eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
Miss Thornberry lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in England flags with a white van outside.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3.
The men told Fairfax Media outside court on Saturday, 'you think we're monsters? We didn't hurt the quokka. We have pets at home'
The pair pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
The seats, tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including E.coli and MRSA.
There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
But the family team has developed the unusual new robot as a way to counter issues with cleaning the interior of a plane - which currently only takes place a few times a year.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The caves were carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the volcano itself.
Robert Knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13.
He has been in court at least once a year since 1959 and has 200 thefts.
It is believed he has clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month injury lay-off.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on long-term absentee list.
Ross Wallace and Steven Reid could return for Burnley.
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention.
High winds damaged the roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit.
Part of the $40million (£27m) three-story corporate building was damaged.
Pictures on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected.
Stephanie Scott's funeral was held in central-west NSW on Wednesday.
Hundreds gathered to pay their respects to the teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
Ms Scott's sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd.
The Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco.
The airline consulted mindfulness expert Mark Coleman, also the Founder of the Mindfulness Institute, to develop the recommended practices.
Coleman recommends wearing comfortable clothing, choosing lighter meals on board, moderating alcohol, coffee and tea intake and 'gentle exercising' such as stretching, during the flight.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
Police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
Researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit.
When Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, she opted for an elegant lace gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen.
Solange Knowles arrived at her wedding to her video director boyfriend Alan Ferguson last November in a cream jumpsuit.
Two anglers had to be rescued from their DIY boat in Essex.
They had taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue.
The pair used scrap wood, polystyrene and silicone glue to hold the boat together.
After rescuing the men, who were found without lifejackets, the RNLI crew had to bring the boat to the shore.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton, where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on September 4 last year.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog in Prahran, Melbourne, on Wednesday night.
A man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her.
The 31-year-old was left with a broken nose, broken toe and many other bruises.
She said she was 'blessed' to have been able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect, who has a distinctive neck tattoo.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman discovered in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
She was kept in a ditch surrounded by sharp spikes and sold from owner to owner until she came to serve nobleman Edgi Genaba as a servant.
Sykes carried out saliva tests on six of her living relatives and the tooth of her deceased son Khwit.
Mario Bretti, 64, chased by rival Andrea Trunfio, 36, in Swindon.
Pair clashed as they drove away from site on scorching day in July last year.
Mr Bretti said his rival chased him along busy road before blocking him.
Tranfio then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window.
He denied common assault and said Mr Bretti had threatened to kill his family and burn his van.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday night.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
She said she sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
The new candle and fragrance business, called Jo Love, now employs 14 people.
Obama insisted the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally.
Obama cast the Iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS.
The investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way.
Officials are concerned about threats to uniformed personnel or locations that lone wolves may want to target.
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock.
It took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Cumberbatch is currently expecting his first child with Sophie Hunter.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas.
Six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year.
Broad took three wickets for 19 as England bowled West Indies out for 299.
Captain Alastair Cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps.
AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle on Saturday night.
McCoy predicted someone will break his multitude of records.
The iron-man of jump racing shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Jurgen Klopp would be a good manager in the Premier League.
Klopp announced he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The 47-year-old has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal.
Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
She is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign.
Her two lovers, Sarah Brown, 41, and Sylvia Knight, 39, were once a straight married couple – when Ms Brown was a man.
Users of Find Boston Bombers took to Reddit in the days after Boston Marathon bombings.
They hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks.
Claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi, a Brown University student, being wrongly identified as the bomber.
Now, moderator of subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of his regrets about thread in new documentary.
Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston.
Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday.
But no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned appeared on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001.
The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
Her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced.
She says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows the tabby producing gurgling noises as she is petted.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers.
It included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
He accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work.
Fowler responded by telling the hater to 'get your facts straight'
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well.
By the time Sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck.
The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip.
On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, died just days after catching the infection.
She had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer.
But she died because of an infection at the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2 in Los Angeles.
Pacquiao says he wants to teach Mayweather about the Gospel of the Lord and how everything we get is a gift from God.
The Filipino star has warned Mayweather that his killer instinct is back.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down.
Grandmother-of-four smashed her face on the pallet and was left in a'splits'
She has now been left with two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest.
She was diagnosed after a nasty fall which left her with pains in her leg.
Doctors initially thought it was growing pains but discovered she had Ewing’s sarcoma as her discomfort continued.
Her parents found out that their daughter could have cancer on Christmas Eve but her condition wasn't confirmed until the new year.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
40 per cent of Airbnb’s listings in Cuba are in Havana, while the rest are mostly located in tourist hotspots along the coast.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, fled.
A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, transforms into Kylie Jenner in a new makeup video tutorial.
He first had to shave his mustache before applying make-up and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and wife Justine watched Pride.
Said he had a ‘big passion’ for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
As a 12-year-old he drove his parents ‘slightly mad’ playing the game.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat and shakes whenever he sees Farage.
He says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick.
Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Nico Rosberg claimed he had been'selfish' by slowing down in the race.
Hamilton said he was running his own race and conserving his tyres.
It was alleged Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to Stephanie March.
The gossip site claimed that Flay, 50, has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that according to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014.
Page Six reported that Tirrell is a'singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef's Bar Americain in 2008 and became his assistant'
Flay filed for
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze enjoyed a double date on Sunday night.
The pair were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in their Bundesliga clash.
ISIS has published a list of punishments for those who fall foul of its own laws.
Top of the list is 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger.
Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver'
Those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and drinking wine or 'calumny', making slanderous comments.
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 in the Fed Cup World Group playoff.
Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona.
The 42-year-old wore a tailored white suit with nude patent Mary-Janes.
Mother-of-two also sported a pair of nude platform heels and a woven clutch.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in December last year.
The model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year old woman in the same nightclub last April.
Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
Today marks 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images.
The site has launched a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne.
It contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Mahonia Clear Skin Formula is a number one best-seller in Japan.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using
Henrik Larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal on Saturday.
The former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Daniel Andersson with goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski out injured.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League.
The champions face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Aguero scored a 94th minute winner to wrest the title from Manchester United in 2012.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests.
Research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices.
Foundations come after the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg in the blast.
The men, now in their mid-thirties, were shielded from the second blast which went off by the finish line at the 2013 Boston Marathon almost two years ago.
Norden said a planned film by Mark Wahlberg dramatizing the bombings is premature.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull.
He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
Mr Whitehead revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises.
His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill.
Erakat's most volatile reaction came when he offered to pay for a man's parking meter, showing him his cardboard sign.
The two begin yelling at each other as the man continues talking about carrying a black card and driving a $50,000 C-class car.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over 10-man Partick at Parkhead.
Kris Commons converted a penalty to give his side a 1-0 lead before the break.
James Craigen had been shown a straight red card for his 'last man' challenge on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Racegoer filmed deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor.
The 63-year-old man was left lying on the floor in the middle of the road.
He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to the next generation.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
But Loftus-Cheek, at Chelsea since the age of eight, has precisely what Mourinho wants in his midfield.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police discovered the bodies at the home after the woman's sister called police.
Investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the Macomb County prosecutor's office for review.
Turkish football team captain Arda Turan was celebrating after his side's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
He had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system last week.
Turkish aviation officials in the country's Civilian Aviation Directorate (SHGM) said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' close supporter Ben Quilty said.
The execution will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded.
Sukumaran nominated his friend Christie Buckingham, a senior pastor at Melbourne's Bayside Church.
Meanwhile, Chan has asked Salvation
Nigerian Muslims on dinghy carrying 100 African refugees began to sink.
Muslim passenger ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah'
When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned.
The tragic news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
Ashley James, 26, has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we've been assured.
PETA is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside the national department store.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week.
He then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself.
The injured brother attended the boys' funeral in a wheelchair on Wednesday.
As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys, who would've celebrated their birthdays this week.
Woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon.
She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens.
A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce with her husband.
By about 2pm, the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes at Craven Cottage.
James Perch equalised for Wigan with a stunning 25-yard free-kick.
Matt Smith scored Fulham's second goal to restore their lead.
Wigan's stay in the Championship is unlikely to be extended beyond May.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Knight's attorney said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer.
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
Aguero scored a second to all-but end the champions' title hopes.
Dani Alves has enjoyed seven successful years at Barcelona.
But the Brazilian right-back has been unable to agree a new deal.
The 31-year-old has rejected the club's final contract offer.
Alves has been linked with Manchester United and Manchester City.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as Bayern Munich attempted to overturn a 3-1 defeat against Porto on Tuesday night.
Ribery missed the game after failing to recover from an ankle injury.
Former Roma defender Benatias faces another two weeks out with a groin problem.
Holland international Robben was pictured doing punditry alongside Bayern goalkeeping legend Oliver Kahn.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Palmer has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder.
Thibaut Courtois has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years.
Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season and now wants to win the Premier League.
The 22-year-old won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue.
The venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region.
These same guests were now 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton.
On Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service.
Adam Rushton, 37, found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton 'a disgrace to the police service'
Rushton admitted some of his actions were 'not very professional' but claimed it did not amount to criminal misbehaviour.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours.
The 26-year-old cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly on a walk in Eype, Dorset.
The Border Terrier chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff.
Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope.
Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop, but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, it has been claimed.
It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, but it has post offices at RAF Northolt.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee such a high-profile clash.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the last-minute penalty to secure Saracens a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup.
The Argentine was mobbed by Sarries team-mates after his kick sailed over the posts for the win.
Charlie Hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match to give Sarries a 3-0 lead.
Sarries full back Alex Goode crossed for the only try of the first half in outer Paris.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and sending online messages demanding money to keep film secret.
One teenager told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang.
19-year-old thought he was meeting girl he had spoken to on internet in Atherton.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were later turned into an air raid shelter.
The shelter became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people allowed to seek refuge there.
It has now been converted into a museum, replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on Thursday.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out.
Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby looking dapper' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that grass isn't always greener.
The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Anthony Horowitz said books by Walliams are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough.
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny for criticism.
Walliams made over £7million in 2014 from book sales including The Boy in the Dress.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good, meaning Claudio Beauvue's effort 10 minutes from time was only a consolation.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington Warriors 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward was sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October.
The H5N2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull.
The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state.
Melbourne radio broadcaster John Burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli.
Mr Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation.
Glittering precious stones on display at Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction.
It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and a pair of diamond earrings with £670,000.
Overall, the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
The Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since 1984.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo on Twitter.
But next day, only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in photo.
In altered photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by $692 bill.
And in another photo, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star was blurred out.
More than 100,000 people on the coast of the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan.
The new study highlights areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground.
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
The Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals of the competition.
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 - a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season.
The Gunners slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the Champions League places.
Per Mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with cancer in 2010.
Mother-of-three, who uses wheelchair to get around, had not spoken for weeks.
But one day, she uttered a single word: 'Florida'
Now, family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday.
They leave for Sarasota, south-west Florida, today, along with daughters Gretchen, 11, and Carlie, 12, who are staying at home.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.
Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
This type of attack is uncommon and reportedly easy for malicious staff.
Pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer.
The 31-year-old accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses.
Just last week, Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at Spectator's annual party.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Three players have already been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Aiken, 36, was the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress.
He body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers on Monday's Howard Stern Show, calling her a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot'
Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed.
Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote.
Former Arsenal and England defender joined forces with Homeland actor David Harewood, musician Tinie Tempah and TV presenter Ade Adepitan.
Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth, in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
She often does jobs with Prince William but says she fancies Prince Harry.
Miss Bredo is now single after splitting from her boyfriend.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout is set to become the richest in boxing history.
Pacquiao has thanked American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS)
Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS - will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The 20-year-old told police she had been kidnapped and raped in August last year.
She flagged down Mansouri's car believing he was a taxi driver.
But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged he drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.
MailOnline looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
In Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute.
Darren Bent equalised for Wigan in the 81st minute with a header.
Derby manager Steve McClaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday where the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
Last year Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia.
He captures moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world.
Harold Ekeh, 18, moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago.
He says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded.
Has been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools, including Yale.
Says he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Raikkonen has been linked with a move away from Ferrari for next season.
Mercedes team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed he used a carrot-and-stick method to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high.
Anderson Silva will compete for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team.
The 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.
Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test.
Dele Alli has impressed for Milton Keynes Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli's 14 goals have helped Dons keep them in touch with promotion places.
Midfielder has also impressed for Sean O'Driscoll's Under 19 team.
Lionel Messi missed both of Argentina's games during the international break.
The Barcelona star has been suffering from a swollen foot.
Barcelona face Celta Vigo at the Nou Camp on Sunday.
Spanish paper SPORT say Messi wants to play at the weekend.
ESPN have claimed that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month.
Geoff Whitington, 63, was made sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes.
He had been told he may need a leg amputated.
His sons Anthony and Ian have helped him shed six stone.
Tottenham Hotspur host Burnley at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention for the clash.
Midfielder Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery.
Hugo Lloris will miss the game with a knee injury.
Danny Rose will be assessed after returning from an England call-up.
Police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church.
The Dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests.
Police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit two days before at St James Catholic Church in Brighton.
On April 1, it took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room of St Mary's Catholic Church on Foster Street.
Australian actress Rachel Griffiths said she was 'quite elated' when
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere.
His pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset, Burley Village in the New Forest and North Wales.
Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Sandown initially tried to secure Thierry Henry to be the Arsenal celebrity to hand over the trophy to McCoy.
But Sky bosses vetoed the move.
Emma Watson turns 25 today and has already carved a career.
The 25-year-old actress has starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a manager is the making of Jose Mourinho, feels Gary Neville.
Mourinho worked under Van Gaal as his assistant at Barcelona in 1997.
The Dutchman won the La Liga title twice in their first two years together.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
The 103-year-old was presented with an honorary diploma 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than England.
Argentine striker says Premier League midfields are 'non-existent'
Tevez scored 84 Premier League goals and won three titles with Manchester United and City.
Havana cob Cody was hosed down in a ditch in Belvedere, south London.
He was trapped for up to six hours before finally being freed at 2.55pm.
Owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged.
It was the first time Cody had escaped from his field in six months.
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
The 33-year-old is the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
In 2013, he was fined $7,500 after his staffordshire terrier attacked another canine while walking in Byron Bay.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the BMW.
Bonnie Doll is a Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll.
The 28-year-old has 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal hours are 8am to 2pm (Brisbane time), Monday to Friday.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus federal court.
Mohamud had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the U.S. and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment said.
He had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the Islamic State militant group.
His brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the Nusra Front, according to the indictment.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities.
Valencia was later taken down by an officer who hit him with his vehicle.
The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth.
Mr Wittstock posted pictures from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over Mr Wittstock's accident.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season at Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton in July for £16million.
Chambers has already made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
Labour dismissed criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
Her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, the founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen.
On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
Cheever and her volunteers were dishing out free food to those in need at Maverick Park on the outskirts of San Antonio.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial free numbers.
The net result is millions of people dialling what should be free services.
Mobile phone networks have been making tens of millions of pounds a year.
In 2013, EE threatened to take legal action to block the move.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars in 2013.
In 2013 he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever'
This after Davion got into a fight with one of the other children, and the minister sent him back to Florida, and back to live in the system.
He has now been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going, who had been by his side throughout his search for a new family.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa.
The elite society boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.
Survey by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49 per cent think Camilla should take traditional title of wife of reigning king.
35 per cent believe she should be given lesser title out of respect to Diana.
Aides have always insisted Camilla does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
Mother-of-two is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Condition is so severe she can't spot her own reflection or her children.
James Rodriguez is set to return to Real Madrid action against Granada.
Rodriguez has been out for two months with a fractured foot.
Carlo Ancelotti said Rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine and he will start'
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range.
The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts.
But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing in 2013.
Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
But he managed to pull down his pants despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Sheriffs covered him up and.bundled him back to his cell.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing for the club.
He believes Coman has all the attributes to become a'very good striker'
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside McDonald's.
He then places a diamond ring on her finger as they embrace by the food counter.
Friends filming the video yell: 'Man this is real, this really is real'
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced Friday to 100 years in prison for the 2012 murder of Sherry Arnold.
Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release of the first Black Mass trailer this week, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
'A lot of the families are very, very upset about this,' Davis said.
The movie is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked.
The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.
Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the Bike Washing Machine.
When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Poland’s Lake District)
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season.
The Frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since joining Arsenal in 2006.
Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says.
Mr Stunz's interest in penis modification was piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great'
He moved on to saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones.
He uses a satchel to cover his modesty and refrains from telling certain people - such as his boss or his extended relations - about his enlarged penis.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement.
It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.
The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked elderly man to his front door, holding his hand.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Six infrared cameras placed around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
The Pentagon's astonishing estimate for the lifetime cost an F-35 is up almost $120billion from about year ago.
But it still plans to buy 2,443 of the warplanes that can evade radar detection and reach well over supersonic speed.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when they pumped the liquid to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials have now launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
The midfielder has emerged as the club's primary target.
Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if the user doesn't have signal.
Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers, and each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached.
If the user does not have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has warned scrapping non-dom rules would cost UK money.
Ukip leader admitted he had to 'confess' he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English.
The controversial remarks come after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back.
Mr Farage has also admitted that he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of the campaign.
Train from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath East River.
Passengers evacuated from cars and taken to Grand Central Station in Manhattan.
More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after being trapped for two hours.
Train's contact shoe thought to have touched the board instead of rail.
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account.
Morrison was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems.
The 22-year-old signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January, but a delay in squad registration means he is unable to make his debut for them until next season.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
'They can put anything they want in that vaccine and they have no accountability for it,' Kennedy said of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have.
Such wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages.
A movement of fledgling organisations, run by student conservationists, is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
NBC sketch show parodied daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering.
But network managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash, U.S.-Iran diplomacy, and domestic politics.
Bab al-Aziziya palace once boasted a zoo, a fairground and a pool.
But it has been reduced to rubble four years after Gaddafi's fall in 2011.
The palace was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO.
Now only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds, covered in graffiti and revolutionary slogans.
Lionel Messi has a place at Barcelona until 'he decides to quit football', claims club president Josep Maria Bartomeu.
Barcelona face PSG in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Tuesday.
Messi scored 400th goal for Barca in 2-0 win over Valencia on Saturday.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator.
A photograph of the capture shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday afternoon.
The pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time.
Manchester United have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months.
But the actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater.
World Health Organisation suggests that at least one in 100 babies born in the UK could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems.
Staff heard baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu.
Workers who found the baby, who was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta, called the police and ambulance.
The woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached.
She refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse.
More than 1,000 passengers formed a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But Parish has insisted he will remain involved in the club's future.
Pardew's side have been in the Premier League since 2010.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Dimitar Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.
Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach the French Cup final.
Hadas (not her real name) had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy.
Hadas, now in her early 20s, has found support from children's charity the NSPCC.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing.
He suffered a fatal heart attack, and the police were indirectly responsible for his death.
His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically'
He is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
The 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
When she stays at a hotel, Aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
Jose Mourinho's side trained at Cobham on Friday ahead of Arsenal clash.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates.
Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to a recurrence of hamstring problems.
Eden Hazard is expected to be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him.
Arsenal fans are defensive of the Germany midfielder but that is merely a sign of their low expectations.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower.
'The cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health,' she said.
Vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night.
The driver of the Ferrari, reportedly purchased only a week ago, smashed into the tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was depressed after being diagnosed with Asperger's.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan had built up a small circle of friends.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition.
Last August, just a week after going on a school trip, the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom.
Activists boarded the Polar Pioneer rig in the Pacific Ocean on Monday.
They plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell said it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores but condemned the boarding.
Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday.
One-year-old Bol and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
Mr Manyang has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother'
This comes as the family of the
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
She was discovered at Otago University and started her modelling career.
Has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for ASOS, Alexander McQueen, H&M, River Island and Urban Outfitters, as well as Vogue and ELLE editorials.
Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States.
Last year's draft attracted 45.7million viewers according to figures from the NFL.
Manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny.
Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the club's youth team hasn't gone unnoticed too.
City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola.
Patti Boyd, 71, married property developer Rod Weston, 61, at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London.
The couple, who have been together for 25 years, had three of arguably the greatest love songs ever written for her.
Patti, a former Vogue cover girl, is now the sole surviving first wife of a Beatle.
The remains were removed from the house in the Richmond area of San Francisco on Saturday.
They are believed to be that of Anna Ragin, 65, who lived with her daughter Carolyn.
The home was said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.
Neighbors said the mother had not been seen for years.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths of a swimming pool on Sunday.
The 38-year-old boxer was testing his muscles against the resistance of the water.
It is now less than a month until the mega-fight between Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
The parody posts were written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray claims he heard Gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself'
The report was leaked under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force.
Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow - despite rumors to the contrary.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest.
The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the glass entrance door.
Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to win Evo-Stik North title.
The Rebels will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May.
Club set up in protest at Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips said.
Connie Phillips fought her cancer for years before expressing her desire to end her suffering.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
The Arsenal defender has played at right back, centre-back and midfield.
Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games.
England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves' Barcelona contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool have been keeping tabs on the Brazilian.
The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine, according to a new North Korean school textbook.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100.
Some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of license plate '370H55V'
Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive'
Mr Hassan said he plans to appeal the decision.
The 29-year-old looked in high spirits as she left art gallery in Mayfair.
Davy was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The report states: 'Recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others'
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine.
But studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger, who had been missing for three days.
He discovered a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.
Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace.
Taxpayers' Alliance has now warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.
Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn.
Doshay is a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club on Friday.
Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
'He has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time,' she said.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyon.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their Ligue 1 suspensions reduced by one match apiece.
Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)
The suspensions have led to tensions with Canal+, the network which broadcast both video clips.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from London, got into difficulty while swimming.
He was pulled from the water in Hampstead Heath, north London, after getting into difficulty.
Witnesses said seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
His body was found five foot below the surface and 20ft from the pond's edge just before 11pm on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather Jr will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Mayweather is boxing's undisputed world champion.
The 38-year-old has won titles at five different weights.
He is scorned as a great vulgarian, a gaudy show-off, boxing's thug king.
Washington Wizards moved 2-0 ahead on Toronto Raptors with 117-106 win.
LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99 at Toyota Center.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of the Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events.
Brown and Hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today’s luxury travel business.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
The semi-retired teacher said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay.
West Ham currently sit ninth in the Barclays Premier League table.
The Hammers could qualify for Europe next season through UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings.
Allardyce insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs.
Italian priest sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard.
The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats.
He allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple Judas Escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in the Premier League.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
Henderson is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn on Wednesday.
Girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown sitting on a ridge.
She tells man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds.
But whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions and fight.
Greece has repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director, has been quoted as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.
This would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney.
At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients.
It claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them.
The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
She was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow was her brother in interview.
She said: 'Couldn't be. Frank had a vasectomy before that. I don't know whose son Ronan is'
It has never been reported before that Sinatra underwent the medical procedure.
In 2013, Mia Farrow admitted Sinatra may be the father of her son, instead of Woody Allen.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille in a £10million deal.
Origi said the progress of Jordon Ibe has heightened his excitement.
The Belgium striker has scored seven times in Ligue 1 this season.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids.
'Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,' ex-cult member Flora Jessop
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Seven-minute video purportedly shows ISIS militants destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud, near Mosul, Iraq.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be 3,000 years old.
The attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Islamic State militants have been destroying ancient relics on several sites, daying they promote idolatry that violate their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama.
It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup final at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for the visitors.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
Paper, by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, was published in Acta Astronautica.
Families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes.
CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other.
Yobs blatantly carry air rifles and BB guns through High Green estate in Sheffield.
One brave neighbour who confronted the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen.
The Bosnian defender was involved in a brawl with security personnel.
Leverkusen managing director Michael Schade says 'the latest revelations from the case leave us no other choice'
Bayern Munich won the German Cup quarterfinal on penalties.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods.
The 33-year-old scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Dossena now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Francis Coquelin was Arsenal's man of the match, according to Thierry Henry.
The 23-year-old intercepted a Burnley pass and got his team on the front foot.
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she'
Video footage shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But ITV1's This Morning broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach.
By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’
Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’
'Chris' was shot in the leg by Taliban gunmen near his home in Khost.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
He says it is the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him.
The 26-year-old says he has taken evidence of threats to UK authorities.
But he has been dismissed and told merely to take more security precautions.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations, before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment, whereas Manchester United were able to splash out £150m on new talent in the summer.
Everton held open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
Nearly 4,000 supporters turned out to watch Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free.
John Stones and Aaron Lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet.
Roberto Martinez confirmed Romelu Lukaku will be fit for Saturday's clash with Garry Monk's side.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland 'as soon as possible'
But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion hole in the country's budget.
Miss Sturgeon was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year, despite the catastrophic collapse in North Sea oil revenues.
Such a move would leave Scotland with a massive £7bn black hole in its finances, triggering higher taxes, deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels.
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany.
Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A.
If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.
Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.
Fiorentina are unbeaten at home in Serie A since November 9.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after seeing the unflattering snaps of him on a Barbados beach.
The Hull manager was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer.
Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the World Cup.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games in September.
England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham.
Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create more pitfalls.
21st century additions like a Facebook page, Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good.
Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
The 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Liverpool and Paris St Germain are also interested in the Holland international.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman.
Mourinho described the tournament as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura.
Murray beat Novak Djokovic in the 2013 final to end Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
The 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide.
The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
Two decades later the Central Arizona Project and the Salt River Project invested in research to make it a reality.
Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago.
She lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company, according to her online profile.
Mr Malone decided to pay her a visit but turned up at her company's address.
He discovered the office had been closed for years and turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online 'lover'
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department.
A new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half.
The road runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to 19th century.
Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
Gallmon was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots, black pants and a black hooded jacket.
According to an affidavit, the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor
Designer Abigail Ahern is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible, aptly named Colour.
Her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige, stop procrastinating and be bold with colour.
Here are the designer's top ten tips to colour confidence.
Victorino Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
The 49-year-old wrote 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English.
Said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
He is also accused of deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will now face Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4, 6–2 in the quarter-final.
The Minister for Investment and Trade battled depression for 43 years.
He said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.
Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for 'gender-based harassment and defamation'
The German citizen accused of raping his classmate Emma Sulkowicz.
Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Wesley Sneijder launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on Saturday.
Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet.
Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
A baggage handler at JFK Airport in New York was also caught on camera going through a passenger's wallet.
Visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable show at night.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini's sides are in contrasting form.
Pablo Zabaleta is the best right back either club can boast.
Vincent Kompany is still the No 1 choice at centre back.
Michael Carrick has been at the heart of Man United's revival.
Ander Herrera is Louis van Gaal's man of the moment.
UK Oil & Gas Investments claimed 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin.
Company claimed it could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the North Sea and Kuwait.
But firm has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian.
She was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital but died from her injuries.
Witnesses said she had been handcuffed and must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun.
Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of animals.
Show will highlight plight of the animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
Presenters Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt will appear.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home'
Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
It was David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, a women’s health physiotherapist at Six Physio, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.
But experts warn that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon.
Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys.
Police identified the children as boys Cameron, 13, Zycheim Todd, 7; and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6.
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Lambourn on Saturday.
Owner Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup.
Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Cole.
Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006.
Helen Flanagan, 24, is a prime example of a celebrity who has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant.
Blake Lively, 27, was the epitome of flowy boho maternity style, sporting a series of long maxi-dresses.
Angelina Jolie, 39, also adopted this style during her pregnancy with twins Vivienne and Knox.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
She was convicted last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship.
Evans would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible if she wins three qualifiers.
The 29-year-old from Dudley is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion.
Ally McCoist was axed as Rangers manager in December.
The 53-year-old has not been spotted at Ibrox since last month's general meeting.
Brown insists the club will never turn their back on the former manager.
Argentina is taking legal action against three British and two US oil firms.
It accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore basin 120 miles north of islands.
Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said islands 'form part of our territory'
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said threats were 'as hollow as they are illegal'
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People.
The wedding took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Goldsmiths University student union Welfare and Diversity Officer banned men and white people from a 'diversity' meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses to include more material relating to minority groups.
Event sparked a fierce backlash on social media, with one user writing: 'Isn't this racism – and why wasn't she prosecuted?'
Sheffield Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder.
Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form a three-man sporting director by committee at Hillsborough.
Former Hull City and Derby County owner Pearson will advise on business.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive.
But her maternal aunt Shanell gave up part of her liver to save her niece.
James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations.
Lockwood was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.
The 29-year-old has spent the last three seasons with Featherstone after joining them from Dewsbury in 2012.
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But subsequent scans have shown it is a minor ankle sprain.
Chelsea come into the match with a 10-point lead over their London rivals.
Liverpool have scored just 45 Premier League goals this season.
Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each.
Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top scorers with fewer goals than Liverpool.
Diego Costa is joint top scorer in the Premier League with 19 goals.
Ivan Rakitic married Raquel Mauri in 2013.
The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona.
Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also confirmed he will soon be a father.
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, on Wednesday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people.
Two hours later, that total had jumped to $541 - the company told Daily Mail Online 'they don't judge' as long as content fits their terms of use.
Chancellor visited the Numatic factory in Chard, Somerset, today.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the hoover brands.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair worked together at Spurs with Les Ferdinand, now QPR's director of football.
QPR travel to Villa Park for a game that could see them out of the bottom three.
Sherwood came close to the QPR job when Harry Redknapp resigned, but Paul Lambert was sacked in the same period and Aston Villa placed the call.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, in Bali in August last year.
Sheila's body was found crammed into a suitcase which had been loaded into a taxi with the couple's other luggage at the hotel.
Mack has said that she intends to keep Stella with her until the child is two years old.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
But they were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car.
Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, death resulting, and driving to endanger - death resulting.
Couple, who were high school sweethearts, had been on date night watching Fast and The Furious 7 on opening weekend.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series.
But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing.
Craig Phillips was 28 when he appeared on the first series of Big Brother in 2000.
The new county cricket season is almost upon us.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title.
Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
PSG also want Paul Pogba from Juventus but Financial Fair Play rules could restrict them.
The Iron Throne was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath.
The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.
Once finished it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard last week.
He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle.
The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
The couple travelled to India in late 2012 and soughted citizenship for a baby.
They told consular staff they would be leaving her brother behind because they could not afford him.
There were also fears last year that the boy may have been sold.
Fights targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
Attack comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president, Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to return to the country.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, an increase of 2 per cent.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes, including historical ones, and police were more likely to take complaints seriously.
Office for National Statistics said rise was also due to police recording complaints more accurately after accusations of 'fiddling' figures to meet targets.
Supercar salespeople Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari sell luxury cars to the super rich.
A standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000.
Some of the industry's more sought-after vehicles can expect to sell for millions at London's prestigious car auctions.
Supercars: The Million Pound Motors, airing tonight, is on Channel 4.
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in LA, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her.
The lawsuit claims that unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship.
Koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
Marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder (pictured with the ISS and Space Shuttles) could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
The first structure would be 30 metres [100ft] in diameter, it will create a 0.6 gravity environment and house at least 30 people, according to the team.
This smaller structure would cost between
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern are accused of murdering David Alderson.
The 72-year-old was found dead in an abandoned mine in Devon in January last year.
Police originally thought he had fallen from his bike because he was dressed in lycra.
But jury hears they lured him to a disused mine and killed him.
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer on Instagram.
The Aston Villa attacker missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury.
But the video suggests that the 28-year-old could be ready for a return to action sooner rather than later as he unleashes a series of blows.
Nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother.
He was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes in Nanjing, China.
His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland, a member of both NATO and the European Union.
Last month, Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for what government representatives called a'major military exercise'
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled Forest's advantage in the second half.
Gary Gardner doubled the Hornets' advantage with 72 minutes to play.
Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, spending £10,000 on Las Vegas trip.
Pregnant mother of 11 will renew vows during 'no expense spared' jaunt.
The couple, who claim £39,192 in benefits a year, plan to fly to U.S. in March.
Couple hit headlines last year after demanding bigger council house for brood.
Dashcam footage shows a red ute with P-plates ramming another car.
It started when the driver appeared frustrated with the slow traffic.
Three young people got out of the ute to confront the driver.
One was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights.
The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School, a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Cherylyan Rayhel said she watched from a window as South waved a gun and fired into the air just behind her house about 8pm.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment.
They then took to social media to post images of themselves.
But these were reported for being 'offensive'
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from outside his home.
Burglars targeted the property in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based.
The 32-year-old left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
He still owns the property purchased during his time at Stamford Bridge.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank actor Mark Wahlberg for visiting him.
The bout will be a reported £160million mega-fight.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The video features a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf'
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
It is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.
From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli.
The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Benitez got the best out of Juan Mata during his time at Chelsea.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
Vallede finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a bad crash.
Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection.
He was placed in isolation because of his grave illness which saw him lose his shiny black hair.
When animals are brought in, Rademenes goes up to them and supports them - especially as they rest after surgery.
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, has been arrested in the case involving an attempt to resurrect a two-year-old boy at a home operating also as a church.
A witness said Benjamin was possessed by demons, according to pastors.
In the video, Meza apparently uses oils and prays while trying to bring the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, back to life.
She also invokes Jesus to give life to the child, police claimed.
Meza and her husband are pastors who presided over the church services held at the residence and also lives there
Jack Colback says Newcastle United fans deserve more.
The midfielder was one of the only players to put in a shift against Liverpool.
Newcastle lost five on the spin and scored just one goal in eight hours.
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' stealing from high street stores.
She and her two daughters stole from stores across the North and sold them online.
Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments.
One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
Bainbridge jailed for 30 months, her daughter Claire, 21, for 20 months and sister Caitlyn, 19, for 16 months.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama covered his face as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
Visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris.
She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as Birmingham City beat Reading 1-0 at the Madejski Stadium on Wednesday night.
The Championship side lost their second game in as many matches as their poor Championship form continues.
Adam Federici, whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez's winning goal, was retained against Birmingham.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job at tech company Threadflip to be a house-husband.
He struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
Iyer is part of a growing faction of men subverting the traditional parental set-up.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home.
The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer.
Mr Harris stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
He is also an investor in Boost Juice bars around Australia and is the former vice-president of AFL club Hawthorn.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer.
A retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time.
While the jury was out of the room, the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness, who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job at Manchester City in the summer.
The Chilean has made the shallowest of footprints in English football.
City's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers.
Vincent Kompany, for example, no longer seems capable of looking after his own performances, never mind that of his team.
Emma Dickson, 31, had two blood clots in her left lung - pulmonary embolisms.
The clots then became lodged in her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
She was rushed to hospital and told she had developed the clot as a result of the contraceptive pill.
A month later she was discharged from hospital and was able to plan her wedding.
But a month later Mrs Dickson was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung.
There was also a risk the clots could have travelled to her brain, causing a stroke.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of H5N1 virus were identified.
The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.
India has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza in wild and domestic birds.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
One man, who declined to give his name, awoke to find the woman's body hanging outside his apartment.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for £18million in 2006.
He has never played a competitive game for England at the World Cup.
Carrick has won four Premier League titles, a Champions League, and played in two other Champions League finals.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Carrick in 95 per cent of games during the most successful period of Manchester United's history.
Women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job.
This widens to up to £10,000 in more senior industries such as accountancy.
On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
Handbag Clinic has opened on a fashionable west London high street.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
Prices are bespoke depending on how stained or damaged a bag is.
Customers can take out ‘stain cover’ cover for one handbag for £4.95 or 15 handbags for £19.95 per month.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years.
More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010.
The labia are lips which protect the vagina.
They naturally vary in size and shape, but some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia.
Experts have called for more research to try and better understand women's motivations.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored to give City the three points.
Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Sofia Vergara's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer said Friday that she 'has always maintained that they be kept frozen, a fact of which Loeb and his counsel have always been aware'
It's been reported that he wants to use them to have a child.
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket' on Saturday.
The Age simply had a picture of Benaud standing on a cricket field.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Twitter users branded him a 'bigot' and 'disgrace to humanity'
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling insists it has nothing to do with money and will reassess at the end of the season.
The 20-year-old has revealed that he'd love his very own chant from the Kop.
MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire will go through trials.
The 18-year-old defender became a hit on YouTube last month.
Wiltshire was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield.
Liverpool captain Gerrard lost a family member during the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest.
An inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and Margaret Aspinall, chair of the Hillsborough Families Support Group, said: ‘There is still a job to be done’
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended, along with a host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John
Neil MacGregor, 68, said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave the museum.
He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster.
His Radio 4 series A History Of The World In 100 Objects was inspired by the museum's collection.
Museum chairman Sir Richard Lambert said he had done an 'outstanding' job.
Efe Obada signed for the Dallas Cowboys from London Warriors.
The 22-year-old only played five American football games last season.
Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Sophia Adams, 21, has won Curvy Kate's annual 'Star in a Bra' competition.
She beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract with Bridge Models.
The trainee police officer will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in their Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court.
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments.
The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
The 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13, but Barbara McGrath says that doesn't include 'numerous' partial days.
Barbara McGrath said that her daughter is attending Lakeview Middle School and that she can't say whether Rose will return to St. Joseph until she
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
The disposition of the case was not immediately known.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia.
The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise the child.
Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials in Britain and overseas.
Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014.
Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky.
Lindsey Vonn is Tiger Woods' girlfriend.
Kirsty Gallacher is the daughter of former Ryder Cup captain Bernard Gallacher.
Manchester City beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring in the 35th minute with a curling free kick.
Jason Puncheon doubled the lead in the second half through Yaya Toure.
City are now nine points adrift of Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Pregnant woman was left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel.
Her partner had ensured she was safe, then tied rope around himself.
He then dived under the vessel to locate the flare.
The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent.
Sienna Miller also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park and using light weights to tone muscles.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales.
Daisy, a West Highland terrier, fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
She was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Travolta says Scientology has helped him'save lives' including his own.
Actor says it has been a support system for his family for four decades.
He urged critics to 'take time and read a book' about the religion.
Documentary alleges church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material'
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone.
She assumed she must have an allergy after drinking gin and tonic.
But switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Most common symptom is painless swellings in neck, armpit or groin.
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road on Sunday.
But Ramsey then witnessed Cesc Fabregas' late winner.
The Hoops boss turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts.
QPR remain in the relegation zone, two points clear of Premier League safety.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whales - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US, and the much rarer Western gray whale.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement.
12% of people questioned thought the child should be named after William's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each.
If the child is a boy then 13% would like him to be called James, with the second favourite name being Alexander.
Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met at an evening dance.
He was serving in the RAF police and she in the Auxiliary Territorial Service.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester.
After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month.
Her husband followed two days later aged 94.
Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby.
Chris Noakes added two penalties and two conversions.
Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop into fully-fledged stars.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
The motoring programme's website used to feature the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page.
But now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.
BBC say masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
Puno is a city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca.
It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one.
The Uros Islands in the middle of the lake are made from totora reeds.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.
Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
The teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor.
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool.
The Cuban had withdrawn ahead of the original date of March 6.
Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the WBA strip the Cuban of his belt.
Daphne Selfe, 86, stars in campaign for Vans and & Other Stories.
Says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist'
Model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series.
Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run.
He saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
University of Hawaii spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests, but that access to site must be maintained.
The crash occurred at about 6 a.m. Wednesday in Bryan County, about 20 miles west of Savannah.
Traffic was heavy because an unrelated wreck about a mile ahead that forced motorists to slow.
The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site.
Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning.
The 250-piece collaboration attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site shouldn't expect to see the same original low prices paid by Target customers.
Three-year-old Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who made £2m.
Lagerfeld said cat was picked to appear in adverts for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to advertise food for other cats.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Some nicknames refer to ancient heritage of the city, some refer to industry found in the city.
Others refer to the city's environment, such as the 'Venice Of The North'
Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for its gambling and temptation - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old, and her horse Valegro, recorded a score of 85.414 percent.
Dujardin finished clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
The 18-year-old revealed she had been bullied about her appearance and weight.
She said: 'I've been scrutinised and some people say some really horrible things that I've had to delete or block'
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has faced.
The Belgian was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to Manchester United at Anfield last month.
Fellaini also praised Everton skipper Phil Jagielka for his ability to execute the toughest tackle.
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
The research was conducted by Dr Elena Temereva from the Department of Invertebrate Zoology at the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Alastair Cook has failed to score a Test century since May 2013.
Cook is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
The England captain needs runs and a victory as much as at any time in his career.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
Brad Guzan's side were reduced to 10 men at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood was without a win this season.
Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Chancellor refuses to rule out further cuts for Britain's top earners.
Instead says Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500.
He also refuses to commit to devoting 2 per cent of the budget to defence.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to an extremist rally when she was 13.
The teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join IS earlier this year.
He has now apologised for attending, but admitted going to two further rallies with his impressionable daughter in tow.
The lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence.
But he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident.
Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers'
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to undergo surgery to remove her tumour.
Woman's body was discovered at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested and bailed in connection with her death.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Police said a post-mortem examination failed to establish a cause of death.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Bayern Munich boss admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while at the Nou Camp.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's agent Aidy Ward.
Rodgers said he would be inclined to stay at Liverpool if left to make a decision alone.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
Chelsea face Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby.
The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming wife worked as company executive.
But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around streets.
He later received Asbo for terrorising local children who complained of being robbed and beaten up.
Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014, plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court.
Amanda Chatel is a writer and victim of date rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
The controversial measure was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers.
Picture believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock.
In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen.
Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
The council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal.
James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
From writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat...
Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise.
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter.
He claims that the al-Qaeda linked group has 'liberated' the Syrian city.
Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian warplanes killed 20 fighters.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
The Chelsea manager was pitchside as Fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the Premier League International Cup semi-final clash.
Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick for Porto to help them progress to the final.
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then 44 years old.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn.
Andy Lee faces Peter Quillin at the Barclays Center on Saturday.
Quillin failed to make required 160lb weight and Lee's bout will no longer be a title fight.
The 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten John Jackson in June last year.
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch killer, is serving a life sentence for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999.
Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack.
Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to Shotts Prison.
Manuel Pellegrini says City's academy players are not ready for first-team football.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
Manchester City are also linked with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in the Conference North on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench.
Hall's on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street.
TOWIE star James 'Arg' Argent was also in the crowd to see Hall score.
Rape Crisis London wants to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it'
They have produced 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
The images are accompanied by the logo #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes.
Charity points out the absurdity of placing blame on the victim's clothing.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain.
Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM.
Comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against Labour government.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus will be reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor.
A small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the new Camper van more environmentally friendly than its predecessor.
The German automaker resurrected its beloved Beetle in 1997, after various iterations of the model were made for over six decades, between 1938 and 2003.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on the internet auction site.
It has a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage.
For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
However, it is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000)
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season.
The 17-year-olds are in the form of their lives, enhancing their reputations every time they find the net.
Jose Mourinho said his first-team squad had space for 'three or four kids' next season.
Prime Minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
On Thursday Mr Cameron was forced to defend Michael Fallon after the defence secretary claimed Ed Miliband would stab Britain’s national interest in the back in the same way he did his brother.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
More than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
He is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader.
Now Russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court he was abducted, beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder.
Dadaev was the only one, according to a judge and investigators, who confessed to the killing.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution.
Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW.
He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the 'wrong man' not been sent to prison.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
Organisers say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances.
Polish man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
Police are appealing for help to identify the man who has been taken to St Thomas' Hospital suffering memory loss.
Stuart Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Broad has become a bit gun-shy, he stays leg-side of the ball and tries to play a shot every delivery.
Memo for members of Congress states UK'may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States'
It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
The'special relationship' between Britain and the US was strong under Thatcher and Reagan.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each.
He uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords.
The blades would have been the type used by warriors in the Han Dynasty.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home.
The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
Mr Cameron will borrow a phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader to declare ‘dream of a property-owning democracy is alive – and we will fulfil it’
Frederick's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with Victoria's Secret.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand has switched to a web-only retail model, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online.
'As a company, I think they became old and stale,' said a retail expert at consulting and accounting firm Marcum.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office.
Kardashian's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post.
The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture.
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
Defense team expected to challenge case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant.
Judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through gates.
She then started ranting at staff at Leicester Square station in central London.
Hussain, originally from Iraq, denied assaulting the two workers.
But she was found guilty and ordered to pay £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic for playing an 'essential' role for the French club.
The 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for Laurent Blanc's side this season.
Verratti believes Ibrahimovic exerts so much confidence in the team.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc Caleb Barnes, have been charged with murder and criminal conspiracy.
Cheryl, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter and Barnes to a concert.
Barnes, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, was previously charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in Europe this season.
Lionel Messi has eight, one fewer than Luiz Adriano.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support on social media.
This is the third annual Football Shirt Friday, and it kicked off in April to coincide with Bowel Cancer Awareness Month.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for.
trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit said there was.
evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
Comments raise prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories.
Ms Sturgeon said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role of director of England cricket.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
Russian Premier League club Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol.
Torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula on Sunday.
The punishment will not take effect until May.
Club were also punished after fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk.
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova won the men's singles at Roland Garros last year.
But the tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
The main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds.
Diesel model Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Winnie was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress, which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay.
rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in.
2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
When states appealed rulings striking down their same-sex.
marriage prohibitions, the Supreme Court declined to intervene,.
most notably in October 2014 when it denied appeals in seven cases on a single day.
An adorable green sea turtle pulled off the ultimate photo-bomb, crashing a group photo in the Philippines.
The shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day as a reminder that humans and creatures like this gentle pawikan can co-exist.
Patient has recently travelled in an area affected by the disease.
They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a luxury tour of some of the country's most historical, and most beautiful, cities.
Visitors will spend three nights adhering to a full itinerary which includes a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral.
From Seville, fans will head to the former Muslim fort of Alcazar, celebrated for its Mudejar architecture.
Monbeg Dude finished third in the 2015 Grand National at Aintree.
Former England captain Mike Tindall won the Grand National in 2009.
It was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010, when unseating at 20th from Nozic.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen.
The pair have been together for almost three years.
Eriksen hasn't scored since January's 3-0 win over West Brom.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old admitted the match could have gone either way.
Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off for bringing down Marley Watkins.
Neanderthals inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, 200,000 years ago but were not alone.
The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests suggest cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois, last week.
Widower Clem Schultz, 84, was in the house with his wife when it collapsed.
Photo was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory.
It was found 35 miles away by Harvard resident Alyssa Murray.
Murray set up Facebook group to reunite owners and property, which led to it being claimed.
Robert Dellinger, 54, drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV in December 2013.
The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29.
Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket was led in, accompanied by his distraught mother.
Louis Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships.
The British gymnast won a silver and bronze medal at London 2012.
Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Claudia Fragapane.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a blow to his foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
The Barcelona forward did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break.
Three is the only operator to offer Feel At Home, which it calls.
It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
To call or text non-UK numbers, you will be charged extra.
This is much lower than other operators’ standard rates in some countries.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria.
The 41-year-old was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
Owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
But the former Inter Milan and Parma right back angered Massone again.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in Syria in February while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)
He was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning.
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death.
The proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral on Thursday.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her book Animal Kingdom.
The book is filled with intricate designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes, patterns and shapes.
Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Andriy Yarmolenko has been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain.
The Ukrainian winger tormented Everton in their Europa League tie.
PSG have been warned off Manchester United's Angel di Maria.
Click here for more transfer news.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed.
But he refused to say how he will find the money or how much it will cost.
Foxtel will screen the third season of the US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black in a full season marathon.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
The drama is currently one of Netflix's flagship TV shows in the US.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931.
He was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp.
It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962, shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar.
The car was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500.
It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered at a British hotel.
That's more than twice what it cost just four years ago when it went up for auction at Bonhams.
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world.
Morocco were banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The North-African nation was fined $1 million by the CAF.
CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation.
Samantha Cameron, 43, revealed her love of alternative group Poliça.
The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
Their songs feature violent imagery and include violent imagery.
Video for the first single on the group's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
He is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Dr Teo said he
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed through Adam Federici's legs in the 106th minute of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal stopper had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1.
Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis, 31, stole her chicken as a child.
She says the pair were 'inseparable' growing up in Ukraine.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress.
Says Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'you have a whole chicken farm'
Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground.
He was carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment.
A local resident quickly took snaps of the man.
Building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
The result sets up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic in the final.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood has been a fan of Raheem Sterling since he was 14.
Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe.
The 20-year-old is in a contract stand-off with Liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune.
He went into exile after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad.
The former Syrian vice president has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury in Paris, London and the southern Spanish city of Marbella.
Prosecutors in Paris have revealed details of the year-long probe into his finances.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season.
But the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating James Anderson.
England were held to a draw in the opening Test of a three-match series.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business.
The avid Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, liking her beautiful photos of her travels, the places she stays and the food she eats.
She writes about everything form the best pies to the biggest beds and has travelled the world from Indonesia to the US and Mexico to document great hotels.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old's phone reportedly contained private texts from ex-England star.
She later tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes on bikes'
The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
Cynthia Lennon, 75, died at her home in Spain after a short battle with cancer.
She married John Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to stardom.
But the couple divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship.
Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr have paid tribute to her.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the first half.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
Atletico have lost two brilliant keepers in De Gea who they could only keep for one season and Courtois who they were unable to take from Chelsea.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the World Cup in Qatar in 2022.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
Singleton's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at Minneapolis International Airport and, once again, nothing was found.
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire.
The tiny chihuahua quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on Wednesday 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Only Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep.
Radamel Falcao made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football.
Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming in games against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City.
The United forward was schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of Chelsea's captain John Terry.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling's decision.
Sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber'
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall.
He was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I have got a ticket'
The incident will alarm Chinese officials, said to be embarrassed by the incident.
Video shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers at Texas music festival.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking.
Seconds later, she shows clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the officers.
One of whom chooses'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming victory.
Video has been viewed more than 500,000 times, receiving 5,000 likes.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for Barcelona in the win.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
The Frenchman says the most important thing is getting the three points.
Pauline Hanson said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong.
The One Nation leader also defended the anti-Islam protests across the country.
She said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
The comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday.
Ms Hanson narrowly lost her fight for a seat in the 2015 Queensland election.
Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture.
Sam Allardyce isn't that man. He had his chance and did not take it.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
UAE president Sol Mokdad believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire, last June.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
His family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides Kathmandu.
Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across the city, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Hundreds of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
The Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled Vulcan Aerospace.
It will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
Plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude.
This will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite.
Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000 km) above Earth.
Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia.
The Barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg.
Owners began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn.
They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal.
Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
The family homes in the Lindley area of Huddersfield have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £250,000.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert.
Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist.
He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his best with him in attack.
Ferdinand praised Louis van Gaal for moving Rooney further up the pitch.
He also praised the return of Michael Carrick and Ander Herrera.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism.
Boy held in Blackburn after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester.
Girl arrested after police raid house on Friday as part of same investigation.
Both were bailed until May 28.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal – lumping Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, by buying tickets.
He told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson.
But he booked flights to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales, she tweeted.
Mr Boys, from Hailsham, East Sussex, is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to the band's show this June.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Mr Butler, who is on permanent disability, told local news channels in 2006 that his bed was broken and he was not receiving proper care.
At the time, he weighed 900lbs and was desperate for a gastric bypass and a way to cover the cost of the medical bills.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her unscheduled detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
They drag the thrashing creature in to shore and pose for photos with it.
Shark is then pulled in to the sand by its tail.
As it is legal to fish for sharks, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures.
James Krainch was 22 months old when he fell out of a second floor window.
His mother Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see his heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas.
The child had fallen from the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited his grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, was paralyzed when she fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
The quadriplegic bride-to-be is unable to physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low to stop taking medication.
A college friend, Laurel Humes, offered to be their surrogate.
Rachelle and Chris have built a crib which Rachelle can wheel under, and turned Chris's man cave into a nursery.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
On January 26, an officer noticed another sexually explicit ad which they again traced back to Kane, and this time a cop posed as a 14-year-old girl.
According to the criminal complaint, Kane sent numerous photos of himself while also requesting photos of the girl over the past few months.
The Hilton Middle School music teacher said in one message; 'I could get a room and I could sneak you there'
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard is an eight-time champion but hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
Pouille showed glimpses of his talent but was unable to trouble Nadal.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again.
The family looking after Magic had sold him at auction for just £200.
Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury at Stamford Bridge.
The Chelsea striker was forced off after 11 minutes with the injury.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness despite losing the striker after 10 minutes.
Loic Remy and Eden Hazard can fill the void left by Costa.
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club.
Witnesses said three gunmen stormed the site on Saturday night.
They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
Police have ruled out a fight between rival fan groups.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer.
MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
UK has now met the controversial target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
The new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running.
Paul Childs burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011.
Air steward said he was infuriated by Ukip leader's'scaremongering'
He is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal they are HIV positive.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett is the first to publicly discuss being HIV positive during campaign.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium.
Denayer has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on Zoumana Camara.
The duo dunked the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his birthday.
PSG travel to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water.
The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10.
Polls suggest a surge in SNP support will cost Labour a majority on May 7.
SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
The app is no longer in online stores because Grand does not want to pay for its server space.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored for the Northern side.
Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North in the centre of defence.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
Heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand.
Midfielder Frank Lampard has signed a two-year contract with New York City.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull.
He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
Police have described him as a'very dangerous man' and said he must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it still involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
But one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
The Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back to reality'
She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others: 'I will not be ashamed about who I am'
The University of Houston said Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university.
Meanwhile, the statement says the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future.
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene.
It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85% and ovarian cancer by 50%.
She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk.
But in 2007, the 42-year-old was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Within a few months, doctors told her she was in remission.
Mrs Hannigan is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day.
Rodriguez returned from a 162-game suspension for using performance-enhancing drugs.
Fans even held up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Atlanta Braves reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have been out of the Champions League this season.
The Reds are yet to win a trophy in the Premier League this term.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
Since Pence approved the temporary needle exchange, 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants, health officials said Friday.
About 1
Sickly sweet dessert contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
It is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25.
For customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
NAC Breda lost 2-1 to FC Dordrecht in the Eredivisie on Saturday.
Robert Maaskant took out his anger on the substitutes bench.
The 46-year-old smashed his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.
Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.
Banged his way into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, on September 1 last year.
After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke.
Judge Cooke expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday.
They were offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture.
One of the actors who walked off, Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony, said the film was offensive towards Native American women.
'They just treated us as if we should just be on the side,' said Anthony.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault and was given a three-year community order.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the ordeal.
But Sweet was freed after serving just two months on remand.
Victim Support charity worker said 'victims deserve justice'
William Bird captured the video while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex.
The £126million aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines.
As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded.
The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand.
Woolworths caused controversy earlier this month for overlaying its logo and
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
Wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September.
The former Brookside actress admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying the teen was on the platform and that 'he was going to end it'
Toxicology tests showed no evidence of drugs or drink in his system.
Pete Bennett won the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006.
The 33-year-old was given £100,000 of prize money and released a book.
But he is now homeless and living off the charity of friends.
Pete believes fame on the show led to a dependency on ketamine.
Seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents in the last nine years.
Presenters Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall star in campaign.
Celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache.
Last week Demelza Poldark was barely showing – but she is now the proud mother.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’ll gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am.
Her husband Sabino Matera posted a heartfelt thank you on Facebook.
The 37-year-old photographer returned to her home around 6.30pm on Thursday.
Police have confirmed Jessica has returned home and is speaking with officers about her disappearance.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener.
Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader.
'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman president—whenever that is—will help resolve,' said Clinton.
Rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties.
In lederhosen and knee-high socks, Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant.
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’
Former England captains Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are leading candidates to take up the role of England cricket director.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Crucial issues will be the amount of travel involved and how much power the new director will hold on selection and the hiring and firing of captains and coaches.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year.
Thibaut Courtois, David de Gea and Raheem Sterling complete the list.
The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony on April 26.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Arsenal beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final to end nine-year trophy drought.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday.
A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
Firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down.
The SES has had over 11,000 calls for assistance across the state, and insurance companies have received more than 19,500 claims, with losses estimated at $129 million.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies.
An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October.
Ozcelik travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany.
She has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
Protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial.
Veterans of World War Two stood proudly side by side after being awarded France's highest decoration, the Legion d’Honneur.
Aged between 90 and 99, they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the honour in the months to come.
The decision was announced by French President Francois Hollande following last summer’s 70th anniversary celebrations.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare.
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor.
Mr Cameron was delivering a major speech on the economy in Bedford today.
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila.
According to a family friend, the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP.
The pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises.
Pub is running a 'Save the Pub' campaign in the run up to the election.
Announcing the decision to support UKIP, landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry'
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in their Champions League semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara started his career at Barcelona but was overlooked for Cesc Fabregas by boss Tito Vilanova.
He was outstanding for Spain in the European Under 21 championships in 2013.
Michael Slager will be refused right to hold baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
The underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman.
It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892.
When leaving the settlement, the wearer would have worn it under trousers.
Seals are found along the coast of East Greenland and are hunted for their meat and skin.
Inuits across the region, and into North America and Siberia, would have also made garments from the skin and fur of reindeer and caribou.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe, through naturally occurring radiation, came to about 2,100 µSv.
While the average radiation of someone in the US is 3,600µSv.
Airline pilots are at risk of deadly skin cancer because
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer fear facing Manchester City.
City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October.
Reid signed a new six-year deal with West Ham this year and is looking forward to staying with the Hammers.
Van driver unleashes foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after M6 crash.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide.
Eventually the van jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Footage was posted on Shropshire-based Facebook user Mark Hazell's account and was viewed around 2million times in less than 48 hours.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
Senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire said junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
Coroner also concluded senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters by four shots on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Spieth is going out with high school sweetheart Annie Verret.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a punk style on the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
Alice McCall showed a clearly visual punk representation, with colourful, tattoos displayed across the back of a catwalk model.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him.
The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched.
Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams.
Once they log in, they can set a virtual date and invite their friends.
They can then choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was hit on the hand during Surrey's second innings.
Pietersen stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field.
The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks'
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour.
She insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 was stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of drama.
CCTV showed a woman moving the victim's shopping trolley before leaving.
Police have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
That's compared with 63% who steer clear of comfort food.
82% of grilled cheese fans love to travel, compared with 78% who don't.
Most popular filling is American cheese, followed by cheddar (41%)
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property – and surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews'someone' had been run down.
But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by a car.
East on England ambulance service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day.
In the last two years it has dealt with 1,248 that did not need emergency help.
Front-line crews have attended half of the phoney calls, believing them genuine emergencies.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along religious and secular lines.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form.
Woods played 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska along.
They were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman Benjamin Khoury.
She sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the home side.
Stan Collymore has been a talkSPORT commentator since 2008.
Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue.
Mr Galloway produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at a hustings.
He said Ms Shah has 'only a passing acquaintance with the truth'
But Ms Shah hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
One dated 1990, which Mr Galloway has, and another earlier version dated 1988, which has been supplied to MailOnline.
Six-month-old seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back.
The seal was rescued in November after suffering breathing difficulties.
It is feared that she was struck by a fast moving jet ski or speed boat.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Liverpool's 2-0 defeat at Anfield.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
But head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
Carver says Newcastle cannot rely on the shortcomings of others.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Writing cheques that later bounces is a crime in Dubai and can be punishable with jail, a fine, and being ordered to pay the amount.
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle.
The 26-year-old defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season.
Sunderland are currently 15th in the Premier League table.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling in 1938 was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
President Franklin D Roosevelt invited Louis to the White House and told him: 'Joe, we need muscles like yours to beat the Germans'
MCC plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to almost 30,000.
MCC is operating to a projected budget of £80million, and hopes work can begin in autumn 2017.
The last of the Ice Age giants were isolated on an Arctic island for 5,000 years.
Their population dwindled until they died out 4,500 years ago.
Genetic analysis of two mammoth remains show they were chronically inbred.
This suggests the population was in decline by the time humans moved into Europe.
Scientists say they hope to resurrect the mammoth using cloning techniques.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht designed by British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests.
There is also plenty of 'terrace' area, with sunloungers and ladders down into the sea.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che.
They accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
The pair are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne’s International Comedy Festival.
Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
NHS says guidance will improve patients' care, but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
Steven Allison, 37, had been on the run from the law for a year.
He had been laying low in Sydney before moving to Canberra.
Allison boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle and wanted to meet women.
But he was unaware the net was closing in as police tracked him down.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburned skin.
MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
Soothe sunburns with ice cubes made of aloe vera or by soaking a cloth in black or green tea.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
The dizzying footage, which was taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft, shows the Earth and sun moving in and out of the frame.
Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' kids being picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend.
The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves'
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Usk, South Wales.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000.
Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection.
His favourite doll is Annabel, which he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada.
He parked his car, jumped out and got in position just in time to take the snap.
The image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Arsenal and Chelsea drew 1-1 at the Emirates in the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger clashed on the touchline after Oscar and David Ospina collided with the Chelsea man taken to hospital for a suspected concussion.
Arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was 'to share positive emotions with our fans'
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
A silver Mercedes attempted to undertake an undertaking manoeuvre.
But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes.
The Renault then swerved around the lane and blocked the Mercedes from passing.
Voyager 2 space probe sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares, in the hope that aliens would like it too.
In Bulgaria it is genuine: practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir, and their own particular variation of traditional dress.
Indiana State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as dead.
Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game.
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash about two miles away from Central Illinois Regional Airport.
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
Mr Cameron, who was off camera, could be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Cameron outlined his plans on the This Morning sofa and admitted the race for power would be close all the way to May 7.
Wanquan Castle was built in 1393 and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall.
The fortress measures some two kilometres in circumference and was protected by the imposing fortress.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its former glory.
Work will include the restoration of the Great Wall Martial Museum, the Golden Harvest Academy and performance theatres.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames.
The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland.
She was just one week into her dream gap-year when she tragically drowned.
Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
A friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted.
The backpacker's father Patrick Farrell is desperate to get the truth about his daughter's death and the photographs.
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City.
He is begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p - the equivalent of 54p.
The family are already in huge debt after son Minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia, and now the cancer has returned.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939.
The schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother Dennis, who was seven at the time, but she disappeared when he lost sight of her.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Now, Terry Phillips, 71, who is Joyce's cousin, has accused the Metropolitan Police of a 'cover-up' after the force said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at Marseille.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31.
Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou scored for Lorient.
Soldiers were buried at Prowse Point Cemetery, south of Ypres, Belgium, this morning.
Their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones of unknown soldiers chosen by Rudyard Kipling.
They were buried with full military honours in an emotional ceremony which included the hymn Jerusalem in Flanders Fields, Belgium.
Little has been discovered about the soldiers, as no relatives have been found.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
The TV schedule for the final day of the season will be announced at a later date.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste.
They watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘flavour molecules’ to fluoresce.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old's mobile phone reportedly had private texts from her father.
She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the text messages.
Miss Gascoeigne later took to her Twitter page, where she branded the muggers 'lowlifes on bikes'
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy.
Jamie Carragher believes Rodgers is the right man to lead Liverpool forward.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand.
Volcano Calbuco erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on Wednesday.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption.
Locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Officers found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for the fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Ruilonc is reportedly one of a group of Chinese businessmen who own dozens of pastry houses in Rio de Janeiro.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United boss.
The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Results on the pitch have not helped Carver's cause, but problems at Newcastle run deeper than a depleted and disinterested playing squad.
Steve McClaren has been tipped as a replacement for Carver should he face the Newcastle axe.
Princess Eugenie attended the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City.
The 25-year-old looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
She was joined by Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison at the event.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the teacher, who was excited about her wedding day.
Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for Ms Scott.
Malky Mackay was appointed manager of Wigan in November 2014.
Dave Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities.
Whelan's appointment of Mackay did little good for the club as they face relegation from the Championship.
Tibetan Mastiffs were once valued at £1.2million each.
But they are now being sent to slaughterhouses and their meat put into cheap hotpots.
Dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is blamed on China's anti-corruption crackdown.
Livingston face Alloa in Sunday's Petrofac Cup final at McDiarmid Park.
Darren Cole, 23, was close to Shaun Cole, 22, who was found dead in Miami.
The army private was on holiday in Florida while on leave and had attended a music festival there before being found on a pavement with a head injury which proved fatal.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
Valecce had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in the city's northeast.
The basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
The private jet, including the staff and crew, is also available for private charter.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness at Hampden Park in the Scottish Cup.
John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while Celtic were 2-1 down in an Old Firm League Cup final.
The Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the latest setback rather than writing letters.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win.
But who else made the XI? Scroll down to find out.
Billy McNeill won nine league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967.
McNeill was named the Scottish Footballer of the Year in season 1964-65, the first ever winner of the award.
Work on the statue of McNeill will begin immediately.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
She was interviewed by the Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Division last month.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
A man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
'We knew we were totally lost at sea,' said regatta participant Rhonda Morgan Gilreath.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour under Mauricio Pochettino.
Tottenham will subsidise the striker's £100,000-per-week wages.
The striker has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs.
Oskar Groening is on trial accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him.
She said: 'I am not a poor person - I am a victorious woman who has been able to rise above the pain and forgive the Nazis'
Groening worked for an insurance company after the war and has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
West Ham host Manchester City at Upton Park on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost four of their last six Premier League games.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have been beaten 4-2 by rivals United.
Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
Six police cars were seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks.
Father-of-three, known affectionately by friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables.
Competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees.
The 918 Spyder was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird.
He switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone.
The car is concluding a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E- hybrid models.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
Moody, 36, said: 'There were murmurs about it and instead of it being a smooth landing I think maybe they had to put the plane down a bit quicker than normal'
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer.
They are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek.
These small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland.
The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
But she received a handwritten apology letter and gift card for ice cream.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored Barcelona's second of the night.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Real Madrid have 436 Champions League goals to Barcelona's 436.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach the last 16.
It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals.
SNP demands retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions.
Miss Sturgeon said rising retirement age is unfair for pensioners in Scotland.
She said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘at least’ £160 a week.
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter Vale giggled with delight when her mom tried to get her to sleep using white tissue paper.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one showed a clip of her daughter getting ready for bed in a light blue onesie printed with pink birds – but as soon as she started caressing her daughter's face with the tissue, the infant broke out into a wide smile.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Head coach Gregor Townsend says he is targeting to be fit for the World Cup.
Kyle Hargreaves, 18, jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court.
Paramedics found him kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle.
Crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man.
They returned to find him and the girl lying on top of each other.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
Country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city.
Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the Mexican government had offered the studios $20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters have lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes.
Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'
But Balls predicted a Tory government would hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax for earnings over £150,000 from 45p to 40p.
Tory Treasury minister David Gauke hit back with accusation that Labour has a secret plan to boost revenues by dragging more workers into the 40p higher rate.
The organizers of the homophobic protest at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago.
Fossil is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within 10 days.
The 24-year-old was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation.
Russian media have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a plot.
Report claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world.
Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference.
The average time between penetration and him ejaculating (for heterosexual couples) is nine minutes.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground.
The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to watch Drake's gig.
They showed proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
The religion's share of the world’s population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070, analysis by the Pew Research Center showed.
The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the population, which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades.
Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels reached 103 against England in second Test.
Samuels will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball.
There is no easy option during five hard-fought days and that’s why this game gives you far more satisfaction than you will ever get over 50 or 20 overs.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
The five-time winner will face Manchester’s Steadman.
Steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend Nick Dyson play Ken Doherty in 2001, but said: ‘I told myself I’d never go again unless I was playing’
Mikki Nicholson, 36, stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse.
She had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
The Ohio woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs.
In Truth or Consequences, New Mexico, Shelly Nicholas filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as depth of concrete on the runway.
Details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina, with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any Argentine bombers sent to attack the islands.
This comes as Argentina is considering leasing 12 Sukhoi SU-24 bombers from Russia.
Cressida Bonas, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
The pair broke up over costs of attending Harry's friend's wedding.
Miss Bonas has been focusing on her acting and modelling career.
She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke.
The 45-year-old suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow.
His partner Binny Moore and family planted a secret camera in his room.
Footage captured the extent of neglect Mr Clarke was subjected to.
One nurse was filmed cleaning his feeding tube with a pen.
Mr Clarke was only moved to another unit after his family showed the footage to police.
Dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month.
She had planned to marry Guo Kai this month in Sichuan, southwest China.
But she was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Guo arranged for professional photographers to take pictures for the besotted couple.
Dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union Canal earlier this month.
It was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford near the canal bank.
Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being handed to specialist centre.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate mother Viktoria Ellis’s home.
Baby number three – known to be a boy – is being carried by Bex's sister-in-law Becky Harris and is due in July.
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National.
But the 35-year-old is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the Valero Texas Open last month.
Steven Finn has been criticised for not hitting the 90mph mark.
The Middlesex seamer has vowed to regain his England place.
Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Coach Peter Moores has told Finn he remains in England's plans.
Dorset-born Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova.
The 24-year-old has applied for citizenship after receiving funding from billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 and has fought for the Isle of Man since early 2013.
Collin Burns was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
The US national'speedcubing' champion was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds set by Dutchman Mats Valk.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games against Arsenal.
The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds.
Drogba is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday with Jose Mourinho.
Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial.
Rezaian is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'
Iran is subject to sanctions from the U.S, Europe and the United Nations due to its nuclear program.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for auction house Barons.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials.
The Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory.
When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
Madeleine went missing from family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal.
Police chief ran initial investigation into disappearance of three-year-old.
He claimed Madeleine had died in accident instead of abduction.
Kate and Gerry McCann have been ordered to pay £360,000 in damages.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Charity Save the Children said the capsized boat, carrying about 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast.
Twitter users have begun editing the Labour leader's face on to the body of famous men.
Miliband's popularity ratings have remained low since he was elected leader in 2010.
The account, Cool Ed Miliband, has already posted 45 images of the party leader, and has attracted 3,500 followers.
Some branded the pictures 'hilarious' and'so funny', others seemed less impressed.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch.
A professor in New York invited her son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders and tiny coastal islands.
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke on Saturday.
The striker also netted the winner against Hull before the international break.
Jose Mourinho has praised Remy's professionalism and scoring ability.
Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday.
He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
The 29-year-old swimmer was sentenced to 18 months of probation.
The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
Donald Sterling, 80, lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
Shelly has said she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice'
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
Parks and the men he was swimming with were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year.
University administration had 'heard rumors' about hazing and that Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating the student's death.
David Rylance, 47, stole more than £50,000 from his dying mother.
The pensioner's concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease.
But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away.
He spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs.
Rylance admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US as an eight-year-old when he could not speak English.
Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted twice to Mumbai's primary airport.
The twin-engine plane departed for Ethiopia at 7:30am, but was forced to turn back.
It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble.
Passengers were transferred to a hotel 12 hours after their original departure.
The fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire.
It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position, although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to a policeman in November 2013.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
Revins, at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday, admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors.
A range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published.
Experienced and successful authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers.
Woman, 20, was driving on the I-25 north of Denver, Colorado.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She said: 'I don't know if they hit me or if they threw something out the window... my neck hurts. I think there's glass in my neck'
Cameron Thomas Philp was passing a crime scene in Brisbane in 2013.
He graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van.
The forensic officer swabbed the spit and swiftly located Philp from his DNA.
Mr Philp pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
It has a deck spanning 14,700sqft, so rather than search the entire thing by hand, Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead.
They fitted an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, spreading the air out over the ship's deck and blowing all debris overboard.
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5’s London HQ.
The youngsters even got to attend a meeting with the security service's director-general Andrew Parker.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ as the boys went on a guided tour.
Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot.
Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome.
But their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.
Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove.
One nail house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50m (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala.
Dybala is being tracked by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday.
Palerma lost 1-0 against Parma and Inter were understood to be there to watch Dyba.
But the former Manchester City manager's fiercest competition would be Ligue 1 champions PSG, with Palermo determined to
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is going into the race in better shape.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for Aintree.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
However, many were intent on enjoying the blissful weather.
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and a broken liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib in August 2014.
She was in hospital fighting for her life, and has to wear glasses and a wig.
Koppenhaver, known as War Machine, will be tried this fall for attempted murder.
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday.
The Uruguayan striker scored his 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Real Madrid are the top scorers in Europe with 1,016 goals.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California.
Their attorney Gloria Allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations.
The Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks.
Education is a sore point for many who backed the Lib Dems in 2010.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky during a postgame press conference.
Harrison covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' - but his microphone still projected the comment.
Kaminsky brushed off the incident, saying: 'Nothing needs to be made out of it'
The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal, says Dr Lara Briden.
The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
He said: 'He wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there. I don't think we'll be able to get him up on stage but he'll be there'
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, battered and shot wife Cicera Alves de Sena, 29.
He then dragged her limp body into the garden of their apartment in Rio de Janeiro.
Horrific CCTV footage has emerged of him smashing her head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times.
Severiano later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
Ashley says the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline.
The latest anti aging treatment is the Nefertiti lift for jowls.
Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic.
She says it's actually your face shape that's making you look older.
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy, who was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon - and within hours, the accident occurred.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought the unusual court case against Nicola, 48.
Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage.
She had a child but led him to believe the boy was his, he argues.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month.
The flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards.
Letizia and her husband King Felipe met with students who had hosted 16 pupils from Germany on board the ill-fated flight.
Labour leader admits party has been 'too timid' on immigration.
But he insists migrants must learn to speak English, especially in NHS.
Tories say there is nothing in Miliband's plans to act to reduce migration.
Net migration hit 298,000 in a year, with 1,000 extra staff at ports.
Miliband promises a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Jeffs has filed for divorce from Lyle Jeffs, brother of polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs.
She claims the church has become 'even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
Mrs Jeffs claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Red Bull have had a disappointing start to the 2015 F1 season.
Ricciardo finished sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt, 28, and a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002.
A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings.
No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
The red 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle.
It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
Tony McCoy will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport.
The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey.
This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
However, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist no troops are in Ukraine.
He looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering.
The wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead have disappeared, while his skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history.
But the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ‘astonishing’
Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
England were all out when Jimmy Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder.
Root had reached 182 and been imperious as one team-mate after another got themselves out softly before the third and most frustrating run out.
West Indies took five for 58 in the morning session in Antigua.
Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder.
Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days.
The Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
It works with an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and guided by strong magnetic fields.
The higher the temperature of the exhaust gases, the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency.
Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space.
This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100
Drug company Novartis accused of trying to block trials of Avastin.
It has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness, according to the BMJ.
Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis.
Felix David, 24, was arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village.
He was wanted for a robbery committed last Thursday.
Witnesses said that David grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head with it.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year.
Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care.
But recently there has been disagreement about regular screening for women in their 40s.
Choc on Choc's Political Chocolates range comes in three different flavours.
David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces and Ed Miliband's comes in red raspberry flavour.
Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
The Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features.
Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls.
The replica cave will open to the public on April 25.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009, and is set to go under the hammer on May 23.
The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate.
Dinnigan and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary'
The French provincial style kitchen boasts a marble island bar, which flows effortlessly onto the outdoor entertaining area.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'
The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill.
The Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames.
Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox, who were training for the Boat Race which takes place on Saturday, April 11.
The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
Michael Munday has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance.
The Sydney man has tweeted 135 love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa, declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back.
But some users were not entirely convinced by Mr Munday's plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
Mohammed Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City in the Amman Derby.
Shatniawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive.
Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal.
They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents.
Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four, to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
The quartet made the most of the sunny weather, with all four crouching down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later.
French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
But one country was missing: China – where the government outlaws Twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media.
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured with a shisha pipe in the last week.
The pair were pictured during a visit to a London shisha cafe earlier this season.
Liverpool insist the case is now closed and Sterling has not been fined.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan Angel Guzman said.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in 2001.
The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days - while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days.
Carrick is on course to become the longest-serving outfield player to represent the Three Lions.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final.
Izzy Brown was on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers.
The 18-year-old scored twice as Chelsea became the first English team to lift the Youth League trophy.
Brown had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy.
EE shops will give away free portable chargers so people can revive their phones wherever they are.
Once the EE ‘power bar’ runs down customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop, or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly, who she has a close bond with.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week and is the youngest by 20 years.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after being attacked by a Doberman while canvassing in his constituency in Doncaster.
Mrs Miliband, 44, said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached'
But he failed to tell her that he was secretly going out with their'mutual friend'
The politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics, which she can't stand.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of Los Angeles-based style website Who What Wear.
In a new article published on her website, the editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.
Flats says picking the likes of Danny Cipriani is key to bringing in new fans.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day.
Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour’s ‘state intrusion’
Research shows Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month.
Manchester City were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure after a disappointing season.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against United will help rectify their season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight showdown.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finished third.
Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the title race.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Carbon monoxide, an odorless and colorless gas, is created when some fuels are burned.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
The images have been released at the request of some of the victims' families.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the families of the 96 victims.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know who led British forces against France in the battle.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station or the Abba song than the actual battle.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva was injured in Manchester City's 2-0 win over West Ham.
The 29-year-old required eight minutes of treatment before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed Silva had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
The 24-year-old applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Cook has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to their hotel in Benidorm.
They were robbed as they returned to the Hotel Don Pancho in the city.
CCTV footage shows a thief reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket.
Her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden, 78.
The Ogdens followed the crooks out of the hotel and got their wallets back.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death Kevin Rivera, 21, on Sunday.
Couple had just returned home after celebrating Aeralye's first birthday.
Diaz allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with a knife.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
He was rushed to hospital, but later pronounced dead, police said.
Pensioner has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon.
Dita Von Teese will lead burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, Arizona.
Fashion designer and author famous for raunchy routines.
Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will team up with teacher Catherine D'Lish.
Holidaymakers can learn classic moves such as the 'burlesque strut'
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter said nothing will stop Russia from hosting the World Cup in 2018.
Blatter said he is proud that Russia is getting ready to host the tournament.
The Swiss said he expects the finals to be a 'wonderful' event.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work.
Since he didn't give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has hit out at Arsenal and branded their 11-year wait for the title 'boring'
The Blues are 10 points clear of second placed Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play.
Mourinho believes John Terry's performance against Arsenal was the best of his career.
Click here for more Chelsea news.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5.
Her body was found Friday wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach.
Police believe a woman posing as a social worker lured her to the home and convinced her to come with her to Gary.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby.
Incredibly, the baby has been found by police and is safe.
Matt Giteau has been an outstanding force for Toulon in the French club's back-to-back Heineken Cup triumphs and Top 14 title success last season.
The 32-year-old has discovered that he is eligible to play for the Wallabies again.
Australia had a policy of not picking anyone who plays abroad.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
There was disgust too among frontline NHS staff and patients.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire, says he wants more children.
He says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
If they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile on Thursday.
The British royal, who is currently working in New York, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America.
Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village of Supai.
The village has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error at the 2010 World Cup.
The 35-year-old made a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
Sam Allardyce believes Green can challenge Joe Hart for England No 1 spot.
Green faces his former club at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
His views are likely to be controversial with conservationists warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on Earth.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after holding up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles.
Police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them and they have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, has worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
For the past six of those years, she has been offering sex services for £300 an hour.
Her website, which has been taken offline, shows a range of provocative images, including one of her wearing an SS cap.
She advises prospective clients: 'I have a challenging career in international finance. It takes me to many places (mainly western Europe and America)
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson approached BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene to express his concerns over the repeat broadcast.
The BBC is releasing an archive interview with Sir Hugh recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former Prime Minister.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
The robber punched Bishop right back, and that's when she said he managed to steal $280.
Police later discovered the 44-year-old man was a wanted felon for forgery.
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
Clinton will fly to New Hampshire after her Iowa swing.
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent.
Real Madrid face Barcelona at the Olympiastadion in Berlin on June 6.
Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season, both times in La Liga.
Gareth Bale, the world’s most expensive signing on paper, is vying with Neymar.
Karim Benzema, that deadly Frenchman, versus Luis Suarez.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina, has almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners.
Apart from his good looks, Flamur is an average 20-something man, but thanks to his physical similarity to Zayn, he is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
The Brisbane couple are raising a baby boy in the country which they are grateful to call home.
Friends of the couple have painted a picture of them as 'committed' members of the community in Brisbane.
They regularly attend the Holland Park mosque, and they are raising their newborn baby son, Mohammad, in Australia.
Police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the Catalans.
Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for PSG on 82 minutes.
Barcelona travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy, to an iPhone.
The case was created by independent video game hardware developers Hyperkin.
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the ISDX market.
Stuart McCall does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs.
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique was taken to hospital in Johannesburg where he died.
At least six people have been killed and thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in Durban several weeks ago.
Despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops.
Many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp east of Johannesburg.
South African President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable'
Mike Tindall bought Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner.
The former England rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips called him an idiot.
Zara, an experienced rider, was there with him, cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner Many Clouds and second placed Saint Are in a thrilling finish.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued fatwa in Malaysia.
Claims wife can only refuse sex if she is menstruating, sick or given birth.
Says marital rape is'made up' by Europeans, so no need for Muslims to notice.
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting the 21-year-old's brother.
Defense lawyers have argued that he should not be put to death because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
Tsarnaev was convicted earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer.
More than 50 per cent of Australians want to work for Richard Branson.
Department of Immigration and Border Protection came in third place.
The ABC came second in the survey of Australia’s Most Attractive Employer.
Seven Network and Qantas were named respectively.
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
Other landspout photographs emerged Wednesday night from the area around Loraine.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on online dating site.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder, to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online.
He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature'
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations is a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will return to hurdling at the Great City Games in Manchester in May.
She will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May.
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure.
Kirkland donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old wideman has managed just six goals this season.
Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield.
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club launched with Prince Charles as its first member in 1982.
It has attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman.
But attempts to cash in on this elite status have been scuppered by the European Court after objections from the Beverly Hills Polo Club.
The club had applied to register its polo player logo on four classes of items including glasses, watches, jewellery and leather goods.
Ronald Peijenburg, owner of De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.
But the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands.
The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Everton's trip to Swansea.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
The Manchester United fan had been robbed at knifepoint several times.
They even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people.
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest.
He said the mass-murders of 1.5million Armenians in 1915 amounted to genocide.
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used 'genocide' to describe the massacre.
Eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after being suffocated until he passed out.
Police in Manchester have now issued a warning to parents over'sleeper'
The game involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child.
Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the behavior he had witnessed during the semester.
In the email, he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'
He predicted that his students would protest his decision and told administration that the students were 'your problem now'
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today.
But he was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart.
He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage.
Previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted.
She was on second day of holiday in Matheran, 20 miles east of Mumbai.
The youngster was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up.
He was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and suffered facial injuries.
The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
Stefano Mauri and Miroslav Klose scored for the Biancocelesti.
Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson also scored for Roma.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of completing requirements to graduate.
The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits.
Plano Senior High School in Texas has set out a way in which she could make up the missing credit and graduate in time for the main summer ceremony.
But her family say they do not want her to be awarded credits she didn't get, but allowances made to accommodate her disability.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of Western Australia.
Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful.
But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles.
He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h)
It travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h), during a test run near Mount Fuji.
The run beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph)
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore reduces friction.
By 2045, Maglev trains are expected to link Tokyo and Osaka in just 67 minutes, slashing the journey time in half.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant.
The desperate couple then had their benefits cut.
Philip was given a lifeline by a Manchester business owner.
He has now started work as a stock manager at Jason's firm Prymo.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline just after the start of trading.
Trading across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos.
Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
But reports suggest a spilled can of Coke in one of the server rooms had been responsible for knocking out systems across two continents.
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Instagram of him undergoing close-up shots.
The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
Zaha has scored twice for the Eagles since signing permanently.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face firing squad within days.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Australians Chan and Sukhumaran.
The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Authorities in Indonesia give death row inmates and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed.
Chan was arrested on April 17, 2005 in Bali for planning to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin valued at about A$4 million from
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice.
Angie was forced into hiding after her husband stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill for money.
The couple both had children to previous relationships.
After the birth of their son, Angie was faced with tragic news that her child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive.
Donohue stooped to a new low, striking his youngest and most vulnerable son.
Turia Pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia.
She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 blaze.
'I'm fitter now than I was before!' Turia said.
On Thursday, Turia will hold a fundraising gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight.
Edinburgh host London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford all rested for last week's 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli.
But the trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport will be the world's biggest in 2018.
It will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year.
Renown British-Iraqi architect, Zaha Hadid, has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept.
All the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career.
The Dutchman said: 'I was maybe near the halfway line. Even in the stands you could see it'
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died in the Sussex county asylum in 1909.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
Her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records.
They revealed she died in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is on loan at Northampton.
Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward.
Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up the idea to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich.
Time was measured using a radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Long-suffering neighbours described wails of passion as 'deafening'
Couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £9,000.
Neighbours complained about Caroline Cartwright's loud screams during sex sessions.
She was jailed for 12 weeks and given four-year anti-social behaviour order.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
A large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
The crush caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more.
Seven people are in a critical condition.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings.
When it comes to honeymooning 18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the UK compared to 8 per cent five years ago.
The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013)
Former prime minister said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
He urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour in the General Election.
Mr Brown was speaking during a joint event with local Labour candidate Douglas Alexander.
He said: 'What they want is an SNP vote not to deliver social justice but to deliver the chaos and constitutional crisis'
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on the roof.
It was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive substance.
The radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
People in Japan are increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash with Manchester United on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini revealed the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday.
Kompany played 90 minutes in City's 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace on Monday.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup, which will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup.
The Emirates Airline have signed a three-year deal worth £30million.
Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004.
Paris Saint-Germain have worn the Emirates brand since 2006.
Brad Pitt, 51, and Angelina Jolie Pitt, 39, allegedly booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream Hilton Malta.
The 410-room five-star hotel on the waterfront of Portomaso boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the Mediterranean.
Sydney's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of Brangelina's much publicised balcony argument.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM)
Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
However, the development has reopened old hostilities, with Sandy Easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action.
Wolverhampton beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium.
Benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute.
James McClean was sent off in injury time for second bookable offence.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding on his future.
Spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following recent fine goalscoring form.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September.
It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres)
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA.
He is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear.
The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
On Saturday, police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood where the attack took place.
The Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies.
The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come, with the follow-up hitting cinemas May 1.
According to a new survey, there are six superstars around that can command a major opening based on their fan base.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men at 27.
Men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months.
A third of adults meet their closest friends while at school.
Facebook and Twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona at the Camp Nou on Tuesday night.
The Uruguayan striker went for a day out at a local zoo.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
The Georgian national admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say he fled the country.
An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio.
Officials say the videos were taken before October 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first Test against New Zealand in Abu Dhabi.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older and is now'very floppy'
His parents have made a 30-item bucket list for him to complete before he passes away.
The family are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
It will turn off its transmitters on January 11 2017.
The move could save the country £17 million a year (NOK 200 million)
Stoke City lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career in the first half.
Adam shot from inside his own half after seeing Thibaut Courtois off his line.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online.
The study, of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25, found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours.
Jonathan Crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz.
He was given the role of Gilbert - who was the school rival, boyfriend and eventual husband of the leading heroine in Anne of Green Gables.
Crombie's organs were donated, and his family plans to take his ashed back to Toronto by bus.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals.
Art director Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi &.
Saatchi, wears the same outfit every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only'
The unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon' she began trying on a variety outfits.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday.
The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
He joined Spurs in 2011 from Manchester City, initially on loan before an impressive first season tally of 18 goals, convinced the club to make the switch permanent.
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
When the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole but Titch died behind bars last year.
The two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'The Zoo' because of the criminal activity there.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Porto are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Coach Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form.
Bayern are without Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12% more than those in surrounding areas.
But having a budget store like an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood.
Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts with chain supermarkets nearby.
Two traffic police officers were on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night.
They pulled over a driver, who they suspected was speeding.
Then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase.
The rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter.
Young adults have taken to the social media site to compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives.
Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions.
Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking charted an eight year investigation.
It claims Chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed.
One former medical student revealed how ‘blood was still running’ as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were alive.
Red Cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in China.
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson.
The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America.
The teenagers and young adults have faced discrimination throughout their lives.
But now, they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence.
They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows.
Some of them are even working stints as runway models.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
The bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
Toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
The venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Tim Sherwood will move for Chris Ramsey if he leaves QPR in the summer.
QPR manager has lost six out of seven games in charge of the London club.
Sherwood also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked.
In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
New permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include324 private stalls, but even nicer-looking facilities can spread germs.
Judy Murray, 55, has undergone a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year.
But her mother Leonore Sears, 53, has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona kicked out at a steward after a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner scored the winner to support the peace process.
Maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans.
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team at the end of the season.
The Holland international played 45 minutes for the club's Under-21s team.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season.
The Arsenal midfielder has not featured for the Gunners since November 22.
Wilshere will sit with his influential father, Andy, to discuss whether a move to Manchester City would enhance his career and not just his bank balance.
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring.
The Canadian pop singer has accompanied Mayweather on numerous occasions.
Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents fled.
They ignored advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy.
The King family were arrested in Spain and spent several nights in custody.
A High Court judge approved the move to take Ashya to Prague.
But a recent scan showed 'no evidence' of the tumour.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour.
Miss Nelson had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner.
Just as tea originates in India or China, fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Franck Ribery says he turned down Real Madrid five years ago.
The French winger says he was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich.
Real wanted him after he fell out with Louis van Gaal.
Ribery has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers.
She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman at the Great Wall of China.
The victim’s family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist, identified as Debra Fortin, and demanded she be prevented from leaving China.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14,' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off Yemen.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
The coalition of Arab countries backed by America continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in the capital Sana'a.
Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren refused to say whether the US flotilla - armed with F18 fighter jets - would intercept the fleet.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold.
Wore midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck made from non-crease poly twill fabric.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Rony came to Britain from India in 2012 and did not know how to swim.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official.
He is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe's top eight clubs.
Zehid Raad al-Hussein told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
He said Boko Haram fighters had been using children as 'cannon fodder'
This comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as 'human shields'
Witnesses said the women's Islamist militant 'husbands' feared they would be killed by advancing troops, and murdered their 'wives'
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show.
A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero.
They concluded that Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film.
Within the first seven minutes, Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks.
The radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued for
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack.
He was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar in Quincy.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction during the 'unprovoked attack', according to court documents.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss the game.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
He was charged with possessing an explosive substance and ammunition.
The charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Arwani was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far this season.
The Barcelona star has kept a match ball from every game.
Messi will lead the line for Barca when they take on PSG in the Champions League.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel's latest campaign.
She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes.
Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
A snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink, even claiming that he would happily get it done again.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.
The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as Baby L.
Giles' family said that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
Then, her father showed her a photo of her son, and she followed the picture again.
Baby L meanwhile is
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed.
Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
The Gunners return to Wembley on May 30 to try to defend the trophy.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike was deflected past Wojciech Szczesny.
Sami Mokbel rated the players' performances at Wembley.
A jury in Placerville, California, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris.
Mrs Harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed.
Shaheed is believed to be a former Bond University student, who reportedly left his home in Sydney and traveled to Syria to join the Al Qaeda affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra.
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits today.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde, a mule is hoisted on board the ship and even the moment a soldier makes the dash across No Man's Land.
The invasion is widely considered a shambles as soldiers were sent aimlessly to their deaths in Gallipoli peninsula in a bid to capture Constantinople.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party for her daughter and her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom.
She has been released from the Columbia County Detention Center after posting a $3,200 bond.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli stripped naked and ran through the streets of Byron Bay to win a free kebab.
The 18-year-old was fined $500 for offensive behaviour in Sydney's Downing Centre Local Court on Monday.
Deputy Chief Magistrate Chris O'Brien said children could have seen him expose himself and called his actions 'embarrassing'
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate.
But when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered.
Lawson shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year as well as a 12-month curfew.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in April 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was due to give a BBC interview on Tower Bridge with Denise Lewis.
Instead of running with the elite women, Radcliffe chose to take off with the 37,000-strong mass field.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria.
Spanish government activated an environmental emergency alert and said one beach has been cleared of oil.
Clean-up operations are ongoing on three other beaches near tourist town of Maspalomas.
Uno, a three-week old Dalmatian, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
The Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively held him before the two pets are introduced.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Manchester City.
The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season.
Cresswell has scored twice in his debut Premier League season.
Jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
It is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown made from hotel bed linen.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
The incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides.
Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams, 54, jailed for four years and eight months.
Spent £50,000 turning narrowboat into replica German Second World War submarine.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in five-year scam.
Judge: 'This was serious offending. It was carefully thought out and planned over a long period of time'
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
Officials could not immediately confirm how many cars the train had all together.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a 'college feel' and doesn't like star talent.
The Bills are currently preparing for their trip to Wembley this year.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
Push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
The move is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose, California.
Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when gun went off.
After the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the seat.
He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby.
Family have since set up a GoFundMe page in her memory.
Study by Kärcher reveals six in ten Brits are too busy to clean.
One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far.
A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned windows.
Other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in plug hole.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended the hour-long service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn.
Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65-year-old's decision to take his own life.
Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed.
Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das.
Supermarket beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to win title.
Supermarket chain's Big Breakfast is one of the most popular items on its menu.
It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards.
Morrisons Head Chef Richard Jones said: 'The Great British breakfast is a national institution'
Russian supermodel Irina Shayk, 29, models for Linda Farrow eyewear.
Shows off her incredible figure in plunging metallic swimsuit.
Her male companion, model Jarrod Scott, smiles and observes her from a distance.
Jarrod jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best Blue Steel look.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey struck Matthew Leeke over the head with a bottle.
The 20-year-old had been out with friends when the assault took place.
Hallisey was jailed for four years after admitting wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
The JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform revamp.
The sleek, sophisticated look was inspired by the Asian artwork in the hotel's common spaces.
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available appointments.
Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution.
It is thought many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
David Cameron has promised to introduce seven-day access to GP services by 2020.
Len McCluskey is highly popular with activists in South Wales.
His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
But the sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on NSW's mid-north coast.
The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing.
William's parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on Friday begging for their son's return.
They released new pictures and home videos of the toddler in the hope that new clues will emerge as his whereabouts.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta.
The 21-year-old set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final.
Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The French striker missed Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from.
Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in history in his first 50 games'
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Some of the toys have been left to rot in the Rome studio, while others, which have been painstakingly restored, are returned to their owners.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying last summer.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule.
The Norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany for the defeat.
Mauricio Pochettino will be given a hostile reception at St Mary's on Saturday.
Southampton fans are planning to show support for Ronald Koeman, his brother and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg by wearing orange instead of the usual red and white club colours.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in order to take up the reins at Tottenham in the summer.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym's fitness room.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year.
'You really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said Jean Green Dorsey, 75, who has lived in the building since 1972.
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The youngster mugged off the former England No 1 with a handmade nutmeg.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa.
Lib Dem leader said he was better at languages and art when he was at school.
He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy'
Mr Clegg has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday.
But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Six-strong gang captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
They successfully broke into the building in heart of London’s jewellery district.
Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province.
Placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood.
Two women are about to become human weights.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at the party.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her beloved team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
A third of GP training posts remain unfilled in some parts of the UK.
This means patients tried and failed to book 34 million GP appointments last year.
Doctors warn the speciality has become unfashionable as doctors fear being overworked.
The news comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors, and last week it was revealed that 10% of patients tried - and failed - to book a GP appointment in 2013/14.
Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just opened their first overwater bungalows.
The villas are located just steps from the Magic Kingdom in Orlando.
Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the theme park and the lagoon.
There are 20 overwater villas in total and each of the opulent offering sleeps eight people.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer.
The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park.
It is the 20th edition of the All Star match.
Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Scott Dann set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2)
Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move.
Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray’s finish (3)
Poet Rupert Brooke had string of affairs with various women before he died.
He died aged 27 in April 1915 at the age of just 27.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands.
It has now been bought by King's College, Cambridge, where he was a student.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents.
They were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher.
The beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, features an 'overlapping' of military installations.
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal.
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea towards Yemen.
The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
Mr Kumar later explained that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance'
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker scored against England in a friendly on Tuesday.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman has backed Pelle to go on a run.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
In 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football.
Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber.
The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013.
Acevedo repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They are urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today'
With newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down, and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk.
The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’
But she’s not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek, racing crawl.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
The team who made the video said: 'We set out to give the homeless a voice and put a human face to the individuals so often get mistaken for stereotypes'
Jayla Currie, 23, from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
Jayla has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man said.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raids said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
Hoda Muthana, 20, left Hoover, Alabama, to join ISIS in Syria.
She was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty to be a Muslim.
Now she has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day.
Muthana lived with moderate Muslim family until she fled to Raqqa, Syria.
Detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm.
It can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and her former student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on Friday.
The interview will air on ABC Friday at 10pm.
Letourneau's 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998.
Her 16-year old sister, Georgia, was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter.
Brenda Finn, 30, was left with no body hair or fingernails due to alopecia.
She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she is calling for the procedure to be made available on the NHS.
England were awarded a penalty in the 96th minute of their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier against Norway.
Leah Williamson thought she had equalised but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal.
Kurtes then awarded an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short.
The match will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday.
Canadian Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
She says she enjoys her job, and it's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy.
'I wish I could feel proud of who I am and what I do,' she said.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
Former Carphone Warehouse boss backed the Labour party in 2005.
He says the recovery of the UK has been extraordinary.
Businesses are starting in record numbers, he says.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed her by the jaw causing her to fall.
JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in Windermere Drive, Worcester.
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile.
Despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.
It was then suggested a faecal transplant, with stools donated by his daughter.
The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people.
Men lured victims to parties organised on social media and began sexually abusing them.
Girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
The girls, who were described in court as 'emotionally immature' were abused from 2009 to 2014.
The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence, who accused the girls of coming forward because 'it's better to be a victim than
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
Blair said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Tory MPs expressed horror at the prospect of Mr Blair remaining in public life for another 30 years.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23, of Anderson.
Fleming was living with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her three-week old baby Serenity on April 5.
Police investigating Fleming's disappearance on Friday found her body in Jones' home in Gary.
She had been stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription.
By two years old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The Football Association and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
But a Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
West Brom's fans held up placards nine minutes into Saturday's game proclaiming ‘Astle is King’ in remembrance of a man whose death could yet prove the catalyst to drastic improvements to concussion protocols in sport.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan police after video emerged this week showing her hitting and running over a rival with her car.
Smith-Walker was arrested in December for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting.
This isn't the first time she has been accused of wreaking havoc with her vehicle.
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, from Hameln, Germany, has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years.
His work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State.
Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly.
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam jumped through an open door of their van.
But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away.
The 34-year-old had just finished his purchases when he returned to his silver Transit van and loaded a large box containing 21 smaller boxes of cigarettes in his van.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night.
Tubieron fought for the same belt last December when he drew with Carlo Magali.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term.
Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, from Jeffersonville, Indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Jockey AP McCoy is set to retire at the end of the season.
O'Neill says he could not be happier with the horse's form.
Lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family at Lea Hurst, near Matlock, Derbyshire.
The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall on June 26.
Nightingale wrote of what she had seen in the conflict with her 1859 Notes on Nursing still considered as having shaped the profession today.
UFC president Dana White posted a video of Lyoto Machida sweating it out.
The Brazilian was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max'
Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb.
Ashley Young scored in Sunday's 4-2 derby victory over Manchester United.
The 29-year-old has revived his career under Louis van Gaal.
Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car, along with a phone number.
Jesus Salas Aguayo arrested in his hometown of Villa Ahumada, 80 miles south of Ciudad Juarez.
He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking.
Authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso, a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre in a Juarez City bar.
Aaron Ramsey fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor.
The Welsh midfielder then fires his ninth goal of the season into the roof of the net.
It is Arsenal's eighth win in a row, the best run since the Invincibles team managed it in 2004.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
The 56-year-old allegedly dimmed the lights and shut the blinds.
He allegedly asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias.
Tribunal heard he then massaged her neck and touched her breasts.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was ‘unimaginable’ to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, he said during the third day of his trial.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
Family said he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland.
But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo.
The director and producer was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train last fall.
He was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
Brax's public defender had previously told the court his client had struggled with bipolar disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in the past.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
Jason Holding, James Wells and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale, were fired in March for 'department misconduct'
Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created the video, resigned from the city's force in late January - before the investigation into he and his colleagues' exchanges was complete
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre, and attracts a certain type of clientele.
The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible, and is often snapped in the photographs with the city's celebrities at his five-star venue.
Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits Wing's with his wife, Coleen, and has even helped them with publicity work.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco.
Mario Balotelli, Joe Hart
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao has a custom-made speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it.
The Filipino is the underdog for the bout, billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History'
The bout is tipped to gross more than £300m.
Lindsey Walker booked in for an overnight stay at the Rex Hotel.
The family were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door.
Ms Walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls and broken tiles.
She said: 'This holiday meant everything to me. I've been in and out of hospital with anxiety issues'
Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing call to 'come at me bruv'
Image thought to reference how Labour leader posed direct message to Prime Minister.
Image was posted under hashtag #WhereAreCleggAndCameron.
Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with sceptical face.
QPR host West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday afternoon.
Sean Dyche's side have the smallest wage budget in the Premier League.
Four of the bottom seven did not play in the Barclays Premier League last weekend and watched helplessly as Leicester won again.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water.
Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater, Gale, located just south of the equator.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin.
Dashcam recorded seven hours of footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone.
Mr Ingram says the mechanic was abusing his car and his trust.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body.
These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist.
Below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August last year.
The 29-year-old, from Epsom, Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court today.
He was then released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
Riches was then freed on bail and banned from going to the club.
Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial will take place on August 10.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition.
Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men.
Support for Ukip has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen his support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency, 1 per cent below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay and only just ahead of Labour.
Poll also mirrors nationwide polls which show Ukip's support has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months alone.
The OrcaSub by Spymaster is the perfect toy for the underwater wildlife-lover.
Pilots will be encased in pressurised spaces with Perspex domes, which give a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs.
The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows for complete privacy as you can chose whether to lounge on the sun roof above waters, or whale watch.
It also boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests.
The septum piercing is a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes.
In certain warrior tribes, it was used in a similar way to war paint.
Many Bengali women wear it to show they are married, although this practice is increasingly replaced with a nose stud.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in China.
The German driver blamed the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
Marta Orellana was just 9-years-old when she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with syphilis.
She was told to lie down and spread her legs, which she resisted at first, but eventually succumbed to the doctors around her.
A few weeks later they called her in to take fluid from her spine, and she says when she turned around to look it was yellow.
In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies, while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the attack.
Stevan Jovetic has made just 39 appearances for Manchester City this season.
The Montenegro striker is keen to return to Italy after £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the 25-year-old.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service.
Known as the Islamic State Health Service (ISHS), even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system.
The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
She regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds.
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Kassab's father Jalal Kassab said he was worried about his grandchildren living in a war zone, but said the threat of imprisonment made it difficult for his daughter to return.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
They were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them.
Steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2.
This week, Sutton invited a reporter from WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years Doris, where she spoke about his very first Derby.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds all in London this weekend.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and Midlands.
Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death.
Victim, 19, had been leaving Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall, London.
Okafor then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport, Woolwich Crown Court heard.
Ski champ Lindsey Vonn appeared tense as she watched Tiger Woods struggle to get back into form following some early flubs on the first day of the Masters.
On Wednesday, Vonn showed up in Augusta alongside Tiger's two children with ex-wife Elin Nordegren.
The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice and Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn's breathtaking return to alpine skiing.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.
This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991.
The 83-year-old has spoken out since he briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
Mr Penny also revealed that he called his late-wife's sister, Ann Bryden, to further plead his innocence a day after facing court.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the midfielder, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.
Koeman also admits he may be forced to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne if the England right back does not sign a new contract within the next 10 days.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent.
Her responses included ‘Sanchez is buff’ and that ‘he scores a lot of goals’
The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers.
Many operators will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns.
Small retailers and hospitality businesses will put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year.
Fighting has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble - apparently an ideal backdrop to Volcano's rap videos.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King.
She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
Ander Herrera added a second for Louis van Gaal's side after 43 minutes.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute.
Hazard is now the player you look to in a crisis.
He is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.
He has witnessed his fair share of blockbusters in football.
But Tyler has picked his favourite game from his encyclopaedic memory.
It was the seven goal thriller at Anfield in April 1996.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
About 30 public land managers and councils in Sydney, across 160 localities, scattered the infected vegetable in public areas in March.
A second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in May across 10 areas as well as the Central Coast.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes his side will not be as defensive as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
Van Gaal lost his first encounter with United's closest rivals last November.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
The former Bolton Wanderers forward is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
He is also accused of trying to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in early Scottish Premiership clash.
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead before Edward Ofere equalised.
Inverness goalkeeper Dean Brill was substituted after 20 minutes.
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
The striker has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth.
The gold dress, embroidered with over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5kg of pearls, took over 1,000 hours to handcraft.
It will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by Austrian Mint.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein launched his manifesto on Monday.
He wants to see the World Cup being played in different countries.
Prince Ali is standing for FIFA president alongside Luis Figo.
Research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties.
Department of Twin Research recently performed a poll of voting preferences.
Study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people’s voting habits.
Identical twins showed the same level of disparity in preference for the Lib Dems as non-identical twins.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and facing a consumer-protection lawsuit.
Supporters compare her benefit page to an Indiana pizza shop that raised more than $800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop wouldn't cater a gay wedding.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's matches this season.
Given was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
He has an FA Cup winners' medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
The French side are poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend, leaving room for a new deal.
Mouscron have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer.
Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if Labour wins election.
In a last-ditch attempt to steal the Tories’ mantle as the party of economic responsibility, he will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a ‘time of scarcity’
Launching the party’s manifesto in Manchester, Mr Miliband will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
Restaurants serving domestic cats - sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger' - are springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
The meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across Vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring China and Laos.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
It shows the monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past.
Much like a human, the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult.
Catching the teenager off guard, it lands with its feet directly in his face.
Although he walked away from the incident unharmed, he sat in a state of shock.
Pilot declared an emergency at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport on Sunday.
But the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway.
Eyewitnesses say they heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball'
The cause of the crash is not yet known.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer.
The 29-year-old joined Fiorentina for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
Gomez insists he would reject the chance of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube.
An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes tissue sample.
Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked in the cottage she shared with Knox.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria.
The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to Lesia Tsurenko.
Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled.
Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
Taylor Swift famously removed her music from Spotify.
Piracy and free Internet sites remain a huge problem.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the painting on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value.
The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item by the world famous street artist.
At the end of February, the artist released an online video showing three works he painted on the walls of Gaza homes destroyed in Israeli air strikes.
St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum.
There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
Rare albino dolphin has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan.
Rare mammal is completely white, apart from quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed.
The phenomenon results from the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state.
Essentially, they blush in the same way as humans.
Mauricio Pochettino believes another season in the Europa League will hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top four.
Tottenham have been knocked out of the competition by Fiorentina.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured hatred of Pennie Davis during six-year relationship.
He ordered drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy, among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to secure their place in next season's Sky Bet Championship.
James Tavernier opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol City's lead in the first half with a header.
Alden Flint, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the Robins.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
When asked about Jolie's planned briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful'
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations.
The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
They bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24, and Polish girl Gena, 20, were married in 1995.
They were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton for whom certain death was only days away.
Among the recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries became the defining account of the Holocaust.
Darren Goddard, 48, had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son Lewis Helget, who he thought he would never see again.
Mr Goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with Lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident.
Just six years earlier, he had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi.
Following his return to the UK from Germany, he endured a'real struggle' to move on with his life.
Cody wandered into Becher's Brook in Belvedere, south-east London.
Fire crews spent more than an hour rescuing the horse from the bog.
The horse has been taken back to the stables to be seen by a vet.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent.
'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said at a news conference held at Echo Summit in the Sierra Nevada.
The move will affect residents, businesses, farmers and other users.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible.
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender in Premier League history.
Chelsea need just six points from five games to claim their first title since 2010.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
'So I want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end. Understand me?' he said.
Rudd said that she had been dealing with the shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2.
The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a'strong woman'
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday.
But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.
Police have not yet identified the woman's body but are investigating whether it could missing Canberra woman Daniella D
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight.
Mr Buckett sustained life-changing head injuries as a result of the fall.
He had to undergo invasive surgery which allowed him to walk and talk again.
Staffordshire County Council said two other teenagers were cautioned for burglary and criminal damage but no other charges were brought.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
All three were removed from their jobs after the emails
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work.
She divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations.
The scope of the book is broad. We meet those who are selling, entertaining, thinking, caring.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted photos of themselves striking impressive yoga poses all over the world.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
In one photo, Honza lies on his back on the pavement with his legs in the air, while Claudine stands on his feet, pretending to push the tower upright.
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding.
The couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines.
Other tennis guests include coach Amelie Mauresmo and former assistant coach Dani Vallverdu.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
Scientists unlocked the genetic code of bacteria grown from a soldier who died of dysentery in World War I.
Their findings revealed a superbug already resistant to penicillin and other antibiotics decades before they were in common use.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening.
She took out her blue salbutamol inhaler and took a sharp breath.
Then felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged.
Mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from back of throat.
The chairman of a House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify at a public hearing next month.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state – and allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby.
'With her cooperation and that of the State Department and (Obama) administration, Secretary Clinton could be done with the Benghazi Committee before the Fourth of July,'
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can't walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
When Scott fled
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures.
Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If it sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Flight BA144 was carrying 92 passengers and crew from Baku, Azerbaijan to London.
Plane was forced to return to Baku 11 minutes after 9.20pm local time departure.
Passengers on the Mumbai to London flight reported a problem with the engine.
Flight BA198 had set out from Mumbai, India for London at 1.30pm.
It took a holding pattern above Turkey and landed at Istanbul.
A BA spokesperson denied there was a fire, telling MailOnline Travel: 'Our flight crew are highly trained'
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a jet ski and swim with his girlfriend Lucy in Barbados.
The couple retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
Calzaghe retired from boxing seven years ago.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades.
The film features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside O’Toole.
According to Michael Redwood, inevitable wind-ups surfaced 'whenever the devil inside' O'Toole needed entertaining.
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz said he was 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
NBC is investigating allegations that Brian Williams misrepresented his reporting experiences in war zones.
Investigations are looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring.
The anchor said he caught the eye of a government soldier before violence at Cairo's Tahrir Square made the situation 'turn sour'
There is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London.
It has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden.
At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and is almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 times for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
QPR striker will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
England face Republic of Ireland on June 7 and Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia seven days later.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom.
England are the most successful team in the history of the competition, but it has been announced that they will not be fielding a side in the competition.
The Football Association say the move 'ensures consistency with a key element of the England DNA'
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
The suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle.
He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular'
He said a visit from the party leader to the seat, which is currently held by the Lib Dems, would not 'do us any favours'
Anthony Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Jason Gavern is walking into the ring on Saturday for the 50th time in his career.
Patrick Bamford scored his 15th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wigan.
Bamford's deflected goal equalled Hamilton Ricard's tally in the 1998-99 Premier League season.
Middlesbrough remain five points adrift of safety after a third defeat in five games.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments on Fifth Avenue on Sunday afternoon.
Some churchgoers wore more somber and refined clothing to the Mass service at St Patrick's Cathedral.
Lord Janner, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia.
The former Labour MP claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses.
He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years.
He has a BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV.
Despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Mr Davies says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
PJ Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, weighed 265lbs when he was diagnosed with Lupus in 2013.
His wife Tracy, 39, was placed on the transplant waiting list.
She would have had to wait seven years for a kidney transplant.
After a year of grueling dieting and exercise, PJ was given the green light.
In February, PJ and Tracy went under the knife together.
Friends have now set up a fund to support them during their two-month recovery.
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses.
But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a dress?
Lace pencil dress, £169, Monsoon.co.uk.
Leicester host Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Foxes are just three points from safety in the table.
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout sold out within minutes on Thursday night.
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours.
39% of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour, according to the pollsters ICM.
Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.
Poll comes after series of polls had suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of the Tories.
Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission.
She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
Self-styled ‘angry Leftie revolutionary and magician’ Gareth Shoulder recruited by BBC.
24-year-old made disparaging remark about Cameron and Ivan, who died in 2009.
He sneered: ‘A new record for Cameron… 34 minutes before he pulls out the Ivan card and pretends he cares about our NHS'
In Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom, Kelly Osbourne wrote that she is proud to be Sharon Osbourne's daughter.
Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all penned messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them.
The heartwarming epistolary book, which was published last week, has arrived just in time for Mother's Day on May 10.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were killed in a car crash just days before their wedding last May.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered, and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
NRL referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old has been out for five months with a host of injuries.
Ray Parlour has backed the England international to be the club's future.
Parlour won three FA Cups with Arsenal, including in 2002.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Xabi Alonso has won three Champions Leagues with three different clubs.
The 33-year-old scored the equaliser in his first season at Liverpool in 2005.
Clarence Seedorf won the title four times in his illustrious career.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as lies face-down on the ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
One clearly draws back his leg and swings it at the suspect's head, police say.
After beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
Now, San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave.
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Pochettino insists Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane.
Aston Villa travel to London on the back of a 3-3 draw with QPR.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche.
Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt.
Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria, and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59, who are believed to be missing following the quake.
Justin Pomella, from Melbourne
Ukip leader said he was ‘jealous’ of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’
Mr Cameron has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side.
Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps.
Mr Kelly said he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company.
Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history.
Two-bedroom property was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915.
Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline.
But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have moved away.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
He was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Kai Windsor, now 10, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl.
Christened Kaia, he would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around.
By four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls.
He finally broke the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: 'I'm really a boy'
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, he is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990s hit song 'Ice Ice Baby,' said at the time of his arrest in February that the situation had been 'over
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday.
She told him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter.
Her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years passed with a score of 80 per cent.
The game is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole.
Instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints.
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave the club.
Wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season.
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling is an Arsenal target who also has his contract expiring next summer.
Alex Impey, a father-of-two, says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses.
He says he receives 20 requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, north of Sydney.
The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3, 24 hours after Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play.
Hibernian chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints with the league.
SPFL issued a statement expressing surprise at the fuss before Rangers boss Stuart McCall compounded their woe by revealing he also backed Hibs' stance.
Ed Miliband today refused to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy Prime Minister if Labour wins the general election.
Just hours before the party launched its women's manifesto, the Labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
The snub comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had said that it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room.
The restaurant's Facebook page had received one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in its restaurant.
Owner Richard Moore said that he sympathized with parents whose children have tantrums because of special needs conditions such as autism.
After the owner's heartfelt apology, other Nova Scotia residents and Facebook users voiced support for the no screaming child policy.
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government in an opinion piece on Tuesday.
The former treasurer described its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
Experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini had been in Jose Mourinho's thoughts all week.
But Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.
Mourinho had planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 to move within two wins of the Premier League title.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am local time on Thursday.
It was carrying 132 crew members when it tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in.
More than 26 fishing boats have helped to rescue members of the crew, but have also recovered 56 bodies.
So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face alone, including the words 'guilty', 'play', and 'famous'
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The first leg will take place at the Parc des Princes.
Barcelona have already met PSG twice during this year's Champions League campaign.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events.
Mr Miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September.
Joe Root hit 182 not out in the morning session on day four of the second Test.
Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets.
Stuart Broad eventually took the wicket of Darren Bravo.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Michelle, 27, unveils new range for Lipsy on Wednesday.
Shows off summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery.
Says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she cleanses, tones and moisturises.
Also swears by LVL eyelash treatments.
The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch.
Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
Earlier, Charles and Harry joined 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at Gallipoli.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday in August 1990.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance.
The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time, which were incredibly popular when the Queen and her sister were growing up.
The Wave in the U.S. is made of sand dunes which turned to rock through time.
Svinafellsjokull glacier in Iceland is a popular hiking destination.
The Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are the chimneys of their hidden residences.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, like $1,000, the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number.
However, sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent likely to sell at all.
EBay is used for auctions, but the bulk of its business comes from 'Buy it now' sales.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Both were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group Two, which contains SEAL teams.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
But despite frantic work from his McLaren team, he was forced to watch from the sidelines.
Giuliana Rancic recently revealed Jerry O'Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago.
Photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana became a woman scorned.
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
The A-League club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to Sydney on Friday night, unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them.
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone, with FFA claiming the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players.
Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast.
The Australian all-rounder will join Surrey after the IPL.
Henriques will be overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara.
Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
The midfielder hadn't played for the German club since March 2014.
Thiago said the reaction of the fans reminded him of the joy in the sport.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.
He claims that the aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years' and are unimpressed with how we live.
Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third.
Manchester United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed the spinner will play.
Bishoo has played 11 Tests for Guyana.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan.
The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015.
McIlroy defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif’s sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison.
The young man arrived in Australia from Sierra Leone with his mother, three sisters and brother eight years ago.
Robert Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic and dumped in a ditch.
His Indonesian wife, Noor Ellis, told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson.
The 60-year-old businessman was set upon in his own Bali kitchen by the killers who slashed his throat 'like a pig'
Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder, which her two sons, Peter and John, said they are reconciled to.
Robert Durst sent bizarre letter to reporter Molly Hennessey-Fiske.
The 71-year-old real estate heir was arrested last month in Louisiana.
In handwritten letter, Durst mentions his love of opera and pro football.
He also says that he moved from Houston to L.A. to avoid the 'absurd costumes and sloped stage'
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research.
Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10.
Research says the amount spent by the Government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘still way too low’
Anthony Peter McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
McCoy has lost the equivalent weight of two African elephants.
He has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his 25-year amateur career.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib.
A'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex coroner said.
Coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot endorsed by the charity National Children’s Trust.
She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in Minnesota in 2001.
She had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase.
It was claimed she had believed the film Fargo was real.
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
They wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents who live stressful lives.
'Big Hero 6' is the highest grossing Disney film in China, taking in more than $51 million.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne will not be available for QPR due to knee injury.
Yun Suk-young is still out with Eduardo Vargas, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin also out.
Diego Costa forced off injured for Chelsea in 2-1 win over Stoke last weekend.
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar near Las Ramblas on Saturday night.
Father-of-four was dropped'miles away' from his hotel when he tried to get back to hotel.
He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at British Consulate this afternoon.
Family and friends became concerned after he failed to turn up for flight home.
They feared he would miss first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One.
Midfielder Dean Bowditch had only been on for a few seconds when a clearance by defender Mitchell Lund hit him on the head and looped into the net.
Substitute Carl Baker, another substitute, secured the win with two fine goals.
Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season after a 3-1 win at Notts County.
The grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year.
The increase has been put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity said the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company that treats them badly.
The organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs for years.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Since its closure in 1996, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent.
Archive of medical journals from the prison revealed that some tests were carried out with the hopes of finding lifesaving treatments.
Prisoners were deliberately exposed to pathogens such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete's foot.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
He added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but on the issue of Trident: would but we could get rid of it but I fear that we can't'
Three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident, which preserves a round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike.
Edinson Cavani has rejected rumours he does not get on with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The PSG forward insists the only issue he has is being played out of position.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Homeless Period project aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets and their monthly cycle.
The team behind the campaign, Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them.
Among the cardboard placards held up are the words: 'Why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding?'
While homeless shelters receive funding for condoms, there is currently no government funding to supply charities with aid for sanitary products.
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
Move comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the Second World War.
'Polite' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea last year.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would work with Ed Miliband's left-wing backbenchers.
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens.
Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Miliband's hopes of achieving an overall majority.
'Boomerang generation' living at home even in their twenties and thirties.
Experts claim grown-up children are unaware they are pushing parents into debt.
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them.
But only 42 per cent charge their children rent – many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away.
Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.
Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'
Retrosweat is an Eighties-inspired aerobics class.
Designed by former NIDA graduate Shannon Dooley, 30.
Inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda.
A 50-minute workout, it has 12 dance tracks and Dooley mixes up the soundtrack.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her doting dad decided to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as he starts.
Crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in womb.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendship is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s.
Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run a marathon in each of Australia’s eight states and territories between January and September 2015.
The University of Sydney student is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia.
Malachy Frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.
Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing.
A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on
Manchester United signed a £750million deal with adidas last summer.
The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years.
Adidas designed the club's kits for 12 years between 1980-92.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience for being too left wing.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage.
Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
The 26-year-old went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
On Monday, Ms Scott's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder.
A fiery stoush has erupted between News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke and Greens senator Christine Milne.
Clarke was peppered with questions about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable.
Mr Clarke rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
The Australian arms of technology giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are being audited by the Australian Tax Office.
The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet your particular needs.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is like a personal shopping service.
A huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle of a Victorian car.
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
The Malmstrom missile wing operates 150 of the Air Force's 450 Minuteman 3 intercontinental ballistic missiles, or ICBMs.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Former England coach Tony Smith says he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes but believes it could be an inspired decision.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition became too much.
She called a halt to it and is now paying for her gender reassignment herself.
Says: 'Working as an escort can be dangerous and frightening. It's exhausting sometimes too'
Australian woman Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died in Mexico last month.
She was given a 'Brazilian butt lift' by Dr Victor Ramirez.
Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before her death.
The family flew to Mexico to collect her body after an autopsy.
Police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
According to KOAT, police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.
Philip Dunning, 44, made the decision to give notice as shift manager.
He went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day.
His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week.
The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident.
He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time.
High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said the blaze was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette.
West Yorkshire police today said in a statement that they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
Chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in investments and pension funds as Barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis.
Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing.
FBI released images of unidentified man they are trying to trace.
The unidentified man is believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45.
One picture does not show any abuse taking place, officials said.
They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them identify victim.
Investigators stressed the dark-haired man is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
But suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in.
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last.
Some vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off, with balmy conditions set to continue.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
But the industry could take a hit later this week with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Hampshire police launched the hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital last August.
The couple were found in Spain but released without charge.
Staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
£1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights, £132 on travel and parking, £213 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report to the CPS.
Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against USA in the executive committee ballot.
The MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
There were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Qatar’s executive committee member Mohammed bin Hammam.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page.
The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season.
Haskell played for Stade Francais, Ricoh Black Rams and Highlanders in New Zealand.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to Tower View Hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack.
She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed'
She said: 'Where does all this hatred come from?'
On CCTV footage, a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside, apparently checking he is not being watched.
Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves up onto a pole that hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
There are no reports of those taking part ever being injured.
Orlando City are the latest club to express interest in Javier Hernandez.
The MLS side are coached by former Everton striker Adrian Heath.
Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid this season.
Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are all interested.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
Harriet Harman refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes.
Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT'
George Osborne said remarks showed Labour would bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007.
She has since undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister Dannii, 20, has also been diagnosed with a tumour.
Both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and bumps, although they do not know if it is related to their development of brain tumours.
They have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses.
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the World Championships.
The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line.
Dott won 10-8 first-round victory over Ricky Walden at the Crucible.
Janet Brown was murdered at her family home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire.
The 51-year-old was found naked with her arms cuffed behind her back.
Her naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs by builders.
Forensics experts now have the suspect's DNA, which could help solve the mystery.
Mrs Brown's daughters Roxanne, 38, and Zara, 43, described their hother as a 'kind and loving nurse'
The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level.
You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain.
The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds.
Minsmere reserve is famous for birds, especially avocets, but in autumn the secretive red deer come out in the open, mad for sex.
Terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows men being beheaded.
They are accused of exploding a car bomb in the Syrian city of al-Mayadin.
Men are marched to a wooden stump and executed by a masked Jihadi.
He then takes their heads off with a sharpened blade before executing them.
The six-minute long propaganda video was posted online on April 5.
It depicts everyday life in the ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria.
Chris Lane, 22, was jogging along a street in Duncan, Oklahoma, in August 2013.
He was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics.
The Australian driver finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat was forced to pull off track 19 minutes from the end of FP2 after his brakes caught fire.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
Mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
She hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers is ready to recall Dejan Lovren for the game.
Lovren has been out of the team recently, but could return.
Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, a Washington D.C.-based reporter for ESPN, has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant surfaced online.
The 28-year-old, who hails from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.
'I'm in the news, sweetheart, I will f-----g sue this place,' McHenry can he heard saying in the video.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for.
Says faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
They repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi, from Feltham, London, did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007.
But Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
However, Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby.
After IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20 minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
The 26-year-old now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landmarks.
The stunning Arc De Triomphe was constructed in 1806, and is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the Champs-Élysées.
Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists, Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren.
Sydney Harbour stands out due to its uniquely designed opera house, which resembles the sails of a ship.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64.
His on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.
Scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez on Thursday.
The midnight deadline passed without the club making a formal offer to buy the Manchester United striker outright.
Hernandez, 26, has scored five goals in his last six games.
Barcelona eased to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control.
Thiago Silva and David Luiz struggled to cope with Neymar's trickery.
Yohan Cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving.
Carol Chandler, 53, accused of indecently assaulting boy under 16 in 1980s.
Accused of assaulting boy at St Paul's School in Barnes, south west London.
Five people have now been charged by officers from Operation Winthorpe.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.
Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday.
At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records, Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said.
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her partner was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Three years on, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's win over Burnley.
The England international has undergone surgery but will be out for several months.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether he will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign.
She gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
Prime Minister later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies.
Pierre Collins, 33, was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10.
The boy's body was found in the Mississippi River on Saturday by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center.
Police said Sunday the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case.
Collins has said he is innocent.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl was 'a fun thing'
The Brit driver grabbed his bottle of bubbly and turned it on Liu Siying.
Pictures appeared to show the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate grimacing as the champagne hit the side of her head.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism, which condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking 'I did not think too much about it at all'
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring.
The 37-year-old made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
The mummies ranged in age from several days old to the elderly, but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments.
In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
Yulia Simonova, 52, asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill Damian Vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles (£1,400)
But police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with Simonova in the Russian city of Shatura.
Secret camera filmed the exchange, where the teacher said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she 'finished' him.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked in a parking lot on Thursday night.
The girl shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter.
Her mother was too distressed to speak to media.
Police are searching for the driver of a recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
James Boase was convicted of drink driving at Torquay Magistrates' Court.
The landlord claimed he was sleepwalking and was not drunk at the time.
But prosecutors said he failed to stop after a collision with a Citroen Berlingo.
Boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run half marathons and raised money for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth round of surgery on April 1.
He completed a total of 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop.
Lar gibbons have one of the loudest calls in the natural world, creating whoops that travel for miles through the dense forests where they live.
Scientists at the University of Durham studied gibbons around the forests of Mo Singto in Khao Yai National Park, north east Thailand recording their calls and behaviour.
They found that the gibbons produced individual hoo calls in different situations, including when they were foraging, when they encountered neighbours, duet songs between paired mates and when they detected predators.
This suggests the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby without alerting the raptors
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal at the top of the table.
Oscar hopes that winning the Premier League this season can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
The 23-year-old says his squad is'really young and we've been playing together for a long time'
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40m to £60m.
Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie has scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland.
Young Star Wars fan met his hero R2D2 at a convention in Anaheim, California.
The pair began spinning around each other in circles and giggled.
In the video, the boy can be heard giggling with delight as the robot follows him.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National at Ayr.
McCoy will retire next week but will not ride in the Scottish National.
The 20-time champion was hoping for a final National success.
Man, 29, had been playing the game for six to eight weeks.
He had just left the military and was in between jobs when he came to hospital.
Doctors examined him and carried out MRI scans on his hand.
They discovered he had ruptured a tendon in his thumb, and would need surgery to repair it.
Study at Keele University found 40 volunteers were able to stomach pain for 65 per cent longer after playing violent 'first person shooter' games.
England posted 373-6 at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
Captain Alastair Cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59)
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired NYPD officer.
Corrales then claims he jumped on the hood of his car after telling him; 'Get out the car tough guy'
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the Italian, concluding some time ago that he has no future at Anfield.
Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
He knew Jose Mourinho considered him ‘unmanageable’ and listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from the members of his staff who had encountered the troublesome striker during their time at Manchester City.
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting.
Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear.
Tim Sherwood takes on his friend Chris Ramsey at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Rangers will leapfrog Sherwood's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win.
Sherwood's Villa team were swept aside by Manchester United on Saturday, losing 3-0 at Old Trafford.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city.
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC.
They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
The corporation used the images during an 'Emoji Budget' article.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled trigger.
Minutes later, he was rushed to area hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators trying to determine where gun came from - and identity of person responsible.
Police chief Calvin Williams said this person will likely face charges in relation to the shooting.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January.
There have been suggestions he could be offloaded by Jose Mourinho.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews.
Stoll, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand.
The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in a head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, was driving a car that spun out of control and collided with an oncoming ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
More than $32,000 has been raised online to help the devastated family.
Russian Night Wolves motorcycle gang camped out on the Polish border after being banned from entering the country for a World War II memorial ride.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves, with leaders calling their plans to ride through Poland en route to commemorations of WWII a 'provocation'
The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
But
A resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.
'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read.
The letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community Facebook page.
A local woman, who only wanted to be known as Lauren, said it was a real issue.
Demand for coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent.
Kate Middleton proudly wore Ceylon sapphire as her engagement ring.
A-list stars Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also flashed coloured gems.
Dick Advocaat takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil.
The 67-year-old says he will not underestimate the significance of the Wear-Tyne derby.
Celtic were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998.
Advocaat was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry.
David Cameron has backed royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth.
The Prime Minister said he supports people's right to choose treatment options.
But he also praised the NHS, saying: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people'
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Bishop also donned a hat during the trip, which attracted several unfortunate comparisons to Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal music video on social media.
'Good on #JulieBishop for respecting another country's culture! That's true feminism,' Twitter user Sawyer remarked.
While Westerners are not required by law to cover their heads, the Foreign Minister said she did so out of respect for the culture.
Everton's first-team players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex.
The fun-filled occasion included games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by manager Roberto Martinez and his coaching staff.
Dino Maglio, 35, has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl.
Prosecutors said he spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.
Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was ‘stupid’ to spike her drink.
He was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and €15,000 to her mother.
The case has raised safety concerns surrounding the social networking site.
Huddersfield have dropped from third to ninth after losing all three games.
Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
Three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction.
The 216 prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
The freed prisoners were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
No reason was given for the release of the prisoners, which took place southwest of Kirkuk, 180 miles north of Baghdad.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes.
It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia.
Lucy Scott created Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year.
The book chronicles the emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in a series of wry, honest illustrations.
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season with a late strike.
Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen also scored for Spurs.
Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve further.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques.
Claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth.
Mother-of-two used school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work.
Harkin, from Pontypridd, Wales, jailed for 43 months earlier this year.
Cloud formation resembling Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province last week.
Chinese internet users have shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times on Chinese social media.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW says the air bag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles' mat detection system from sensing a passenger sitting in the front seat during a severe crash.
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India.
To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German coach will be leaving the club in the summer.
Klopp has been linked with a number of clubs around Europe.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris, 47, was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009.
Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Ten top doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
They wrote that Oz, for years a world-class Columbia cardiothoracic surgeon, has'misled and endangered' the public.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died.
The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while.
Odion Ighalo scored a late equaliser to secure a point for Steve McClaren's side at the iPro Stadium.
Derby were on course for a first victory in seven Championship games against the 10 men of Watford.
But they conceded an equaliser that further undermines their promotion ambitions.
Adlene Guedioura seized on hesitant defending to slip a weighted pass to his Watford team-mate.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, faced growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims.
She ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences.
But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before.
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him Saturday.
The child's family say if it were not for Elijah's 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead.
On Monday, the animals that attacked Elijah were still seen in a neighbor's yard.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers, a court heard.
He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court today.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him this season.
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho praised the 'top question' before giving an equally ambiguous answer.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority were more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband.
A separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anyone who takes their transgender identity cannot be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion.
However, the three have managed to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
The medical community believes Morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or even suffering from substance abuse.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
McCoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle’s friends.
He will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara, both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for Bristol City.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory.
Both Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco were booked, meaning both will now serve suspensions.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84.
Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Former Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes Benaud's spirit and prowess with bat, ball and microphone made him one of the most popular figures in the game.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti's side in the 25th minute.
Karim Benzema also scored a double as Real kept the pressure on Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Comic books must go through 'quite a lot of layers' to get on air, says Chris Sussman.
Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall.
Comes after a 'difficult few years' following the Sachsgate scandal.
Comedian Frankie Boyle has previously criticised the BBC's cautious attitude.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at Real Madrid.
Real have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.
Atletico have won all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique all in Champions League semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side last season.
Hernandez and Ronaldo combined for Real Madrid's winner against Atletico Madrid.
Pique is enjoying one of the best seasons of his career at centre back for Barcelona.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to dark and mysterious looks.
Kate Moss was one of the most famous supermodels in the world.
Petra Kvitova beat world no 29 Caroline Garcia in straight sets.
The Czech Republic have been in four finals in five years.
They will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Kris said Mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games.
He said by 2010, Mark was becoming even more withdrawn.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife Mandy, 47, eight times in a jealous rage.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso, chest, arms and back.
Alfred Harris, a friend of the couple for more than six years, told how he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair.
Tulip Siddiq, a former aide to Ed Miliband, was at the Kremlin with her aunt.
She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Tories last night accused Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links.
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money,' said police.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of a Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personaldemons.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda in the 1970s.
It came after he smuggled 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
Burger King will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns.
The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They were left by Homo erectus - an extinct species of early human.
This suggests that the hunter may have hunted large prey in groups or hunting parties.
Archaeologist Dr Neil Roach said the prints were made by adult males.
He said that the tracks represent groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest.
The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did.
A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney. It has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared unrest if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals Hearts in the Edinburgh derby.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners at Easter Road.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd have rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
For three of the sons, it was
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over Newcastle.
That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three.
Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland's survival attempts.
Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire being used to radicalise Muslims.
Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities'
But they 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said.
Area is one of several locations used by British military for training.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
The actress wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
Environmental body says it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Manchester United are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
The club have signed a £750m, 10-year deal with adidas.
But there is no buy-out clause that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford and August 1 would seem a logical choice.
Jim Ratcliffe wants to demolish a beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old Swiss businessman is based in Switzerland and claims that the new house, if built, will be his only UK residence.
Proposed mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and uses renewable energy such as solar power.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste will face Empoli in the final on June 7.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
The budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year.
It has taken sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria.
Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.
Terror experts have revealed the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriia Rogotneva.
Sailing peacefully across the river, the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
The men release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL.
The 27-year-old posted an offensive comment on Instagram on Saturday.
Luke had intended to donate a jersey to a young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney.
He hit back saying: 'Get off my page you lil poofters'
Luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock during the round five NRL match against the Canterbury Bulldogs on Friday night.
Many have defended Luke's comment, saying it was a 'lovely gesture' to find the injured fan.
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea.
Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s.
Many people in the U.S., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives.
Analysts at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center receive treatment from specialist psychologists.
The analysts watch graphic videos and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists.
In many cases, the therapists have watched the same material as their patients.
Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
The winning image was taken by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo during last year's ICC World Twenty20 competition in Bangladesh.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being falsely accused.
He said he was falsely branded the leader of a London satanic cult.
Children were tortured by their mother and her partner, who fed them drugs.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad.
Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory at Augusta.
He equalled the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997 and became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time.
The Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe.
The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning.
Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating online.
People urged her to sell the gun and buy another TV while others prayed for her.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat.
Kyrie Irving and Dwyane Wade also scored in the 114-88 win.
James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Golden State's Harrison Barnes hit a winning shot in the lane with less than a second remaining, lifting the Warriors to a 107-106 win over Phoenix.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London.
He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration on Friday.
Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to an end when the world No 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes for a 73.
Binge drinking as a teenager can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA.
This, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester City in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts this season.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about recent form.
The last time Real beat Atletico was in last season's final.
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United in 1996.
Xabi Alonso scored from his own-half for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006.
Moritz Stoppelkamp volleyed the ball into the net from 83 yards against Hanover.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore blue and black frock for BBC contenders' debate.
But on Twitter, it was all about the colour of her dress.
Viewers took to Twitter to insist the dress was grey, not blue.
Tony Pulis insists he has been told any takeover will not drag on.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the club.
Peace set a June deadline to seal any deal.
Pulis praised Saido Berahino after he was shown again inhaling nitrous oxide.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara.
Pujara has cancelled the contract of Younis Khan.
Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon said he is a'superb player'
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer.
The 25-year-old striker is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
Now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place by the school.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City's party scene.
While the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for Cardiff City in the 55th minute.
Craig Davies doubled the visitors' lead in the 73rd minute at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Josh Vela was booked for a late swipe at Peter Whittingham.
Bolton now have a 13-point buffer on the relegation zone.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Poppers on the size allow the width to be adjusted as the child's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer.
A buckle on the back also can be ajusted to help make the shoes fit better.
Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a seven inch kitchen knife.
O'Ridiculed his wife and hired a private investigator to follow her.
She suffered life-threatening injuries including a collapsed lung.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas - around four miles from where he attended school.
Friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
School district officials have not yet responded to requests from DailyMail.com over whether they were aware of the bullying claims.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20 and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, of Alpharetta, Georgia died in the crash.
The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on Georgia Southern University's campus Thursday night.
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds in the win.
The Pelicans will play the Golden State Warriors in the play-offs.
Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in Oklahoma City's 138-113 win.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash boost would be paid for.
He said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy.
But Mr Osborne declined to go into further detail.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year.
But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
Before she could tuck in, a member of the public shouted: 'She doesn't need a cake - look at the size of her'
Holly has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months
The newly-opened Maison Souquet is situated in the once tawdy Pigalle district of Paris.
Located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, the hotel is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess.
Of the 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites.
The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of'stars' and can be booked out for private use.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist revealed he is transitioning to be a woman in an explosive ABC interview last night.
Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues.
He added that neither the Republicans nor Democrats had a'monopoly on understanding' and said he would lobby the GOP over LGBT rights.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday.
Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Other healthy tips are to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord after nine years at Liverpool and Fenerbahce.
Kuyt signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club.
The 34-year-old said now is a good time to return to Rotterdam as "I'm fit and have a great drive to make a success of my time at De Kuip"
Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries over a three year period.
He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed hundreds of foreign objects in his stomach.
Mr Singh claims he didn't realise his stomach pain was due to his habit of eating metal objects.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014.
He said he was living and working in Tokyo, around an hour north, and wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
Mr Springall said he had 'no idea' what the item could be.
Police are searching for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
If they aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said.
He stressed that police were worried about the welfare of the five children who were believed to be with them.
David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Labour leader Ed Miliband launched his party manifesto in Manchester.
Mr Cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo.
The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a Barcelona shirt.
Fortune claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the La Liga encounter.
University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
The nearest houses are about half a mile away from the site, and officials from the sheriff's office said the bodies would be surrounded by a seven-foot fence
The 12-year-old victim was walking in a subway underneath a road in Newbury.
Two boys approached him and sprayed the youngster with highly flammable WD40.
They then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight.
Police are now hunting the pair following their threats on Easter Monday.
Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan.
The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
He said: 'I'm happy to announce I'm the new brand ambassador of Pak Reds'
Paul Downton sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was a supporter of Alastair Cook as Test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign.
Peter Moores' position is now as weak as it has been.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears.
The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers.
Tillman opted to link-up with Ron Rivera, who worked as defensive co-ordinator from 2004-6.
Steve Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Hull face Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games.
The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for QPR and Leicester.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
It is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
The move comes in response to the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup.
Duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
Manchester City striker has recovered from a serious knee injury.
England face Germany, USA and Brazil in the quarter-finals.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight.
The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
During the footage, you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to'separate these folks' and talk to them.
Another officer is then put into a headlock and pulled to the ground
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and helped her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat and took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy.
The champion sprinter says he doesn't mind the impact of his social life, as most of his friends are athletes and
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
It was the Portuguese superstar's 31st career hat-trick and 24th in La Liga.
He equalled Lionel Messi's record in the competition.
Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches against Granada, but compared with some, they have got off quite lightly.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto.
It includes several photographs of the party's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with the picture of party's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
He added: 'There was another one of our leading spokesman who is half black and that didn't get a mention'
Hillary Clinton will be 69 when she takes office in January 2017.
If successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest to open the doors to the White House.
A black-and-white image posted on her Twitter account this weekend showed a very young Clinton pointing at the camera, accompanied by the phrase 'Hillary's counting on you'
The politician, currently 67, posted the hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest to her Twitter feed last week.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow.
He also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday's 2-1 win at Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-hated charges in a poll.
They topped ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges.
A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia in the street asking for payment for roof repairs they hadn't done.
Pensioners would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw money, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office.
Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old
The woman, 84, was helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her.
She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones, and one onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood'
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after heavy rain.
The world No 1 has won each of the four majors at Augusta National.
McIlroy's huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles.
Woods has the skill set to succeed for a fourth time at Augusta.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle on Good Friday.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos.
Adam Cuthbertson crossed for a try for the Tigers.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud, a criminal offense, in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price-fixing conspiracy with other banks.
The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
Nicola Sturgeon has denied telling French ambassador she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10.
The SNP leader also suggested that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material.
Ms Sturgeon told supporters in Glasgow today that she had asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.
She called on Mr Miliband to commit to working with the SNP to 'lock out' Mr Cameron.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
US President Barack Obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with Iran's contested nuclear program.
Two days after the conclusion of a framework agreement with Tehran.
Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions.
Obama said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
An audit by the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She married Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna.
The pair have two children, daughter Dylan, 24, and son Hopper, 21.
Robin and Sean Penn divorced in 2010 after nearly twenty years of marriage.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his home in San Bernardino County on horseback after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
Eden Hazard is the red hot favourite to win PFA Player of the Year award.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves to win the award.
Sheffield Wednesday held Bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
The Cherries are currently second in the Championship.
Eddie Howe said he was 'heartbroken' by the result.
The idea of another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
Liam Ridgewell is in action for the Portland Timbers with the new MLS season well under way in the United States.
The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington today.
With Kate's due date just over three days away, officers were out in force, pulling lamp posts apart.
The police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans, many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches and had decorated the area with posters and bunting.
Leading the pack was a familiar face, that of self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery, 60.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
Suggested Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
'Today, we move on. Of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement.
On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest.
This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation.
This is according to a British study that has discovered a catastrophic condition called'marine photic zone euxinia'
This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide.
Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne.
They packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover.
However they struggled to fit the large loot into the boot and lost about a third of their loot.
The men are wanted for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments.
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement.
The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic.
Lawyers had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
Levy was fired in February 2013, days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera
Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians.
The evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
Pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left: bolshie unions and minorities (in this case, homosexuals)
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, had gone to wash her clothes in the Vishwamitri River.
A mugger crocodile grabbed her daughter Kanta's leg and dragged her into the water.
Vankar fought off the 13ft crocodile with a wooden washing paddle.
She said: 'I felt the crocodile would drown my daughter as it tried to roll into water'
Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment.
The winger has been on loan at Stoke since the 1-1 draw at West Ham.
Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for Moses in the summer.
The 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel.
His latest album, The Ultimate Collection, beat Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith.
It is the first time he has topped the album chart since 1990.
Bruce Cook put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
The 59-year-old farmer has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure.
Mr Cook says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
But he has refused to do so and further 'told the copper to p*ss off'
He plans to add an extra two calves to the structure tonight.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
Taylor pointed out that many of the other people who could lose their residences are elderly, adding; 'Our homes are not for sale'
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection.
Nurses spent their day doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes there is still a slim chance of Pietersen adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground a few months later.
Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television Danny Cohen wants the sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But the creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation.
The messages between Andrea Wong, president of international production for Sony, and its chief executive Michael Lynton were among 173,000 hacked by North Korea.
Douglas Murphy was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.
The 47-year-old barely registered it at the time, but the scrape almost cost him his right leg.
A cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
Doctors were preparing to amputate Mr Murphy's right leg, but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics started to work.
As a result his leg was saved and he is keen to raise awareness of his ordeal
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition.
He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal.
This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha.
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as Salford secured back-to-back Super League wins with an 18-12 triumph at the John Smith's Stadium.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe, though, despite Aaron Murphy's try setting up a tense finish.
Sebastian Vettel won his first race in 35 grands prix in Malaysia 11 days ago.
The four-time world champion returned to the team's factory at Maranello last week.
Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor.
Swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts.
She has now joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists.
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter's Thinking Out Loud is the top song.
Sheeran's other heavily featured songs include I See Fire, The A Team and Give Me Love.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
The clip was created by HLN's The Daily Share and shows the prevalence of this 'women's tax'
The practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene.
He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog on Saturday night.
Ms Lee's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G services would be ‘five times faster’
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
This is compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use.
Hercules and Leo are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University.
They are the first animals to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
A representative of the Long Island university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition that chimps are 'unlawfully detained'
The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans.
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month extension at Crystal Palace.
The goalkeeper will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
Palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after Neteller ended their partnership with the club.
Vince Cable says he is regularly voted the Tories' least popular Cabinet member.
Cable once was a Labour politician, albeit a councillor, in the 1970s.
He wants to spend another five years helping the Tories run Britain.
Cody Neatis, eight, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection.
But he has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor as the hospital doesn't have a suitable bed for him to sleep in.
He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
The hospital does not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday.
The Englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50 but at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open, he was projected to fall to 54th.
Liverpool host Manchester City in the Premier League on Monday night.
The Reds are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho could all shine.
Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
The 32-year-old Cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his daughter.
He has pleaded for the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
She is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil.
Three men accused of working for Syrian government have been executed.
Video shows them kneeling in the middle of a road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
They are then blindfolded and filmed in a van before being beheaded.
One by one the men are murdered before their bodies are left on the road.
It comes just one day after ISIS shot and beheaded 30 Ethiopian Christians.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920.
Fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation.
Iceland's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Rebbie admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year old victim while she undressed and showered.
Prosecutors found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
Taylor's injury record has severely limited his first-team appearances.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight'
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his role.
He was suspended in February after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of the table.
Billionaire owner Steve Lansdown is a rare breed in English football.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning.
On April 15, 1996, Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention.
Kathy Bush was sentenced to three to five years in prison, but the two were able to repair their relationship and now live close to each other in Georgia.
On Wednesday, Jennifer Bush spoke out for the first time, saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused.
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway.
Just steps away in a Keene bakery, a few run-of-the-mill people decided they didn't want to be seen with her.
Clinton's communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the customers were brought in for the occasion.
Two planes begin their descent simultaneously at San Francisco Airport.
Both aircrafts' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time.
Incredible footage was captured by a passenger on one of the planes.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion.
Many of these commanders became involved with ISIS either in the insurgency or after the dictator's 2006 execution.
One of the most prominent former Iraqi Army generals within ISIS was Abu Muslim al-Turkmani.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton, according to the Spanish club's sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero.
The 26-year-old Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast.
Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
Oliver Torres has been plying his trade in Portugal with Porto.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with the 18th, 19th and 20th April the most popular choices.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
Lewis Hamilton was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel.
The F1 world champion was sat front row with Olivia Munn.
He donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses.
Olivia wore a shaggy fur coat over the shoulders of a dress.
Riddick Bowe offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through PayPal.
The 46-year-old was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter.
But he is now offering to post tweets for $20 for anyone who pays him $20.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s.
Bowe was the only man who could beat Evander Holyfield.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But last week Mr Jordan was told he had just weeks to live.
Couple are now set to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital's chapel.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London.
Sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq accused MailOnline of 'picking on her'
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after drinking bottle.
Her mother Jan bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Tesco said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on Friday afternoon.
The man was arrested for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm.
He will face Brisbane Magistrate's Court on the morning of Saturday's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service.
Dawn Services will start at 4.28am at the Shrine of Remembrance in Adelaide Street's Anzac Square.
In January the Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures.
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'
The clip shows glamorous pop star - one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the state capital Morelia building.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014, a report found.
Britain's aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
Despite this, the UK increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were bullied into sending nude pictures to boyfriends at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon.
Principal Jeff Baughman and police chief Marvin Hoover 'chuckled' when they brought the case to them.
All three girls have since moved to new schools and received $75,000 in damages.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday to show off his new watch.
Ozil compared his watch to Michael Knight from the hit action show Knight Rider.
The Arsenal midfielder is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side.
Ray Parlour has backed Jack Wilshere to be the future of the club.
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours and one point adrift of Arsenal who currently occupy second place in the division.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Hillary Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
A dentist had testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
Wanamaker and his partner Jessica Hoffman, 32, are also being investigated for the death of their 7-month-old baby boy in 2011.
Kim Sears was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday.
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat.
She wore the outfit to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival.
He landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month’s meeting.
McCoy is ridden by a Grand National winning jockey in Paul Carberry.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last'
Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday.
The account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he believed the denials but then joked that the person behind the account could have been 'Michael Green'
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Rugby Club against the Barbarians.
The hooker's ear was left hanging off after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts.
McGregor was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam.
McIlroy has been on the cover of Men's Health and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'
Sir Nick Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
Sam Waley-Cohen won the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 2010 on 'Long Run'
The 33-year-old amateur jockey helped the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam - which could be used for Samuel or Samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby.
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic for £7million last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances this season.
West Ham have been impressed by McArthur's workmanlike performances.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini.
Mourinho said the Manchester City boss has been treated like a 'criminal'
The Chelsea boss also said he was'surprised' by Man City's poor run of form.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.
Arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
The Seasiders' supporters gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family.
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors' box windows were targeted with eggs.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire.
Known to many for presenting Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live.
He is supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
The 24-year-old claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club.
Blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career.
He has been told he is'surplus to requirements' at Bloomfield Road.
Kim, 34, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.
Tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014.
Her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City.
Tong's boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive.
He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared.
State-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss.
It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided.
The loss is a blow to taxpayers, who own 80 per cent of the bank.
The two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
Survivors told charity workers that as many as 400 others perished and Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as separate category.
Move hailed by Islamic groups as a 'positive step forward'
Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Only a few will be sold at the listed price.
State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn (£3.3bn) almond market.
Almond milk has no cholesterol or lactose, and is often consumed by vegans, vegetarians, and others forgoing dairy.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode during Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The talkSPORT pundit was jumping up and down during the game.
Collymore called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick.
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic made the best XI.
Hazard was named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City.
Manchester United have had 75 representatives in best XI since the Premier League began in 1992.
David de Gea is the only representative from Old
Lord Prescott said the Prince of Wales has 'a lot to offer this country'
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers.
Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince.
One expresses sadness at the death of the Labour politician's mother.
New survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our parents.
David Beckham voted number one for Dad.
Holly Willoughby voted the person we would least like as a celebrity mother.
Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list for celebrity sister.
Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum are also a personality Brits want to have.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York City.
Villa has scored once for the MLS side so far this season.
New York City are currently third in the Eastern Conference.
Dave Roberts jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years ago.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps.
But Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Mr Roberts asked Teesside residents to stump up £2.50 - roughly what a sixpence would be worth today.
Alison Saunders said her job as head of the CPS was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
But she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged.
Evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes in Saudi Arabia.
He was found with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and white wine in his car on August 31 last year.
The possession of alcohol is illegal in the country.
Mutty has spoken of his frustration with the lack of help he received from the Australian embassy.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
Andrew Surman's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici's far post.
The striker was booked for diving in the 55th minute as the Cherries took the necessity for points too far.
Almost half of French 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol solely to get drunk, compared to 33 per cent ten years ago.
The rise in binging is particularly high among young women, soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005 to three times that number by 2015.
HSBC rejected a £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband to be too old.
The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their 'distress and inconvenience' over the ‘unfair application of its age policy’
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is logical that there is talk of him leaving the club.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss.
Kane made just 14 passes, the joint lowest of any Spurs starter.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate after the race.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.
Hamilton defended himself as he said: 'It's not my job to look after Nico's race'
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Scott Bain.
But the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan.
Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, revealed in an op-ed that thin models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags to clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
The model rights activist said that as a teenager she too would have been deemed underweight because BMI calculations don't take age, sex or genetic body shape into account.
Lawmakers who employ 'too-thin' models face fines and even jail time under the new French law.
Pat Ingles, 69, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer.
She now lives in Menorca with her friend Julia Church, 67.
The pair often party all night in the Spanish island.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
Kramer also constructs more surreal variations on still life, involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Saturday.
Alan Stubbs' side remain second in the Championship after a run of three consecutive defeats.
Stubbs said his players had answered critics asking if they had the bottle to win at the business end of the season.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Neymar doubled the lead after half-an-hour.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings has been suspended for one match.
Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Celtic goal.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'
Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back.
Scientists at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
They cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart.
Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
Found that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
Researchers hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
It means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle.
Should you take iron pills to treat it? 'This is a bit of a moot point' says Dr Vicky Jolliffe.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, started living as a woman aged 18.
Started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23.
At 25 she was offered female hormones by her doctor.
Has now been taking hormones for four years and is now a DJ.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode.
Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection'
It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up.
Last year Hairy Biker Dave Myers offered up the seven-letter word 'todgers'
Only 25% of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43% who believe Miliband is most up for the fight.
David Cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a'sleeves rolled up' strategy.
Nigel Farage was the second happiest leader on 16%, followed by Mr Miliband on 13%.
Manchester United watched Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain against Napoli.
Anderson set up Lazio's winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg.
The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang.
Footage shows him waving and smiling to crowds, with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage.
Doctors say it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist, and judged it to be a minor injury.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
Prices are being held down by falling cost of food, fuel and women's clothes.
Liam Plunkett is pushing for a place in England's attack for the second Test.
Mark Wood and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old.
She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
After a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle, she was rescued.
The pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks.
It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds.
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
The agency revoked his security clearance and put Baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged.
Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven on the opening day of their County Championship match against Yorkshire.
Alex Hales scored his first double hundred of his career with 37 fours and a six.
Hales shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor, who scored 59.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
She avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night.
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table.
Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down.
Stoke fans have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
The 1960s song has become Stoke's unofficial club anthem.
Artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.
He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
A space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in Earth orbit.
It would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on Earth, and would enable people to live in space.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
42-year-old had served in First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland.
Father-of-three had witnessed'significant violence only soldiers experience'
He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia, a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain.
Manchester City have considered attacking left back Danny Rose.
The 24-year-old was signed up to a five-year contract last summer.
Pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Meanwhile criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987.
SNP leader says she understands concerns of English voters about coalition.
She also suggested David Cameron had been 'unhelpful' to the SNP.
Miss Sturgeon insisted she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall, keyed and hit with a hammer.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk.
Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphhire glass screens.
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch from tomorrow.
Social media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group's defeats or internal problems.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
The rules, particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and the use of tactics, appear to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday afternoon.
The espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.
They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat.
The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
Deborah Roberts forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth.
She also poured water over the dementia patient, court heard.
Roberts, 53, was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect.
Mrs Hadlow, who has since died, needed extensive medical care.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help Aston Villa battle relegation.
Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year.
The 30-year-old missed a penalty in the last four shoot-out against Argentina.
Scientists at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa, Italy, used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps in 1976, and an upper incisor found in 1992.
They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans.
Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis, researchers have now proved that these teeth belonged to Protoaurignacian humans and are the oldest modern human remains in Europe.
This group produced the world’s earliest
Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' jobless lifestyle.
The 45-year-old appeared to have launched a new career as a documentary maker.
His Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's sacking.
He has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube.
It follows Hammond as he takes his dog to Buttermere in the Lake District.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport in the early hours of this morning.
They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1 with university student Waheed Ahmed, the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
Group is understood to include Waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children.
Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back to the UK.
Scott went under the knife last week but has now been told he will have to be operated on again.
The 25-times-capped centre is now a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.
Scott played a major role in Edinburgh's run to the European Challenge Cup semi-final where they play Newport Gwent Dragons.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent in a music video.
Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing.
The 36-year-old has also taken a keen interest in politics over the years.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas meeting, held in Panama, less than four months after they announced they would seek to lower tensions and boost trade.
and travel between the two Cold War enemies.
Rebecca Adlington's baby girl is due on June 4.
The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else.
It has over-the-water bungalows which provide the perfect view.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona this season.
The midfielder assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winner against Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the hunt for the treble.
Mohammad Liaqat stormed into Mount Carmel High School in Accrington.
He launched a 'racist tirade' at white staff after Muslim pupils were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards.
The 34-year-old also assaulted the headmaster during the rampage.
Liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially aggravated behaviour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league's disciplinary commission.
The Swede lost his temper during PSG's 3-2 loss at Bordeaux on March 15.
Ibrahimovic insulted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants.
He then used an expletive to describe France.
Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton won Chinese Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race by slowing down.
But Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Hamilton has out-qualified and out-raced Rosberg in all three grand prix.
As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners.
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held.
The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
After closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution, the jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon.
If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout has been branded 'the biggest bout in boxing history'
Mayweather's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview.
Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over £2million.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron' and lower 'Miliband price' for the same property.
Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a canary-coloured taxi in Derby last May.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones'
The cast of Absolutely Fabulous will begin filming in the autumn.
Jennifer Saunders revealed Joanna Lumley told her to 'do it before we die'
She was spurred on to finish script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn French.
John Carver admits Newcastle need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room.
The Magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
Carver says the club's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season.
This incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
It is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
More than 50 people were arrested at today's event in London's Hyde Park.
Four police officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park.
Campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana while dozens of police officers hovered nearby.
The term '420' has become universally known as the code word for cannabis.
Premier League returns this weekend after fourth international break this season.
Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the break.
Manchester United and Manchester City are the only unbeaten sides.
Liverpool have a significantly worse record following the international break.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The app allows the user to select their area, and then their time slot.
John Bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
The artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before filling in with paints with different textures based on colour.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33.
His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has pleaded guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her trial.
Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl on March 2.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell.
Cresswell has impressed for the Hammers this campaign.
City are desperate to add to their quota of English players.
James Milner is on the brink of leaving the club.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow.
Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011 and made a slow start as Gonzaga stalked his opponent, trying to land with his hands.
The fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six games for Aston Villa.
The Belgian striker is six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi final on Saturday.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals with the winner against Atletico Madrid.
Hernandez now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid and has impressed in the absence of Karim Benzema.
Jacques Burger will be available for Saracens' European Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris.
Burger will miss the Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
The 58-year-old actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters.
On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
Ridley played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket.
Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to seal victory.
Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich.
Police in Lewiston, Idaho, are looking for a passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff.
Sitko crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria.
Claims she has sported same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years.
But on her return to classes she claims she was told to tone it down.
Now, during her last year of A-levels she has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor faced off in the 1985 World Snooker final.
Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Darius is the king of the Continental Giant breed.
He is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
Aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
Allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle, which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises on the surrounding hills.
Chris Trokey saved Chris Shannon's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago.
Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in his burning SUV.
The pair met many years before - when Trokey was born weighing just 3.2 pounds and his pediatrician - Dr. Shannon - stayed with the baby around the clock.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke at Upton Park.
Stoke had taken an early lead through Aaron Cresswell's free-kick.
But Marko Arnautovic and Mame Diouf struck in the dying stages.
Sam Allardyce lamented his side's 'nerves and panic'
Allardyce revealed striker Diafra Sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five Villa games.
The Belgian striker has ambitions to play European football.
Wolfsburg have kept tabs on the 24-year-old since he ruptured his Achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker.
Villa value their top scorer at £25million however, and even then would remain hugely reluctant to sell.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot program for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Scot's College does not advertise their fees for tuition, sport and other curriculum activities, but in 2013 they were reported to be $30,900 per year.
Atletico Madrid are in talks with Palermo over signing of Paulo Dybala.
Argentine forward has attracted interest from a number of European clubs.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are all interested.
Glenn Ford, 65, was released from prison in Angola last year after serving 31 years for a murder he didn't commit.
Marty Stroud, 63, visited Ford at his Louisiana home to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years.
Ford, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand when Stroud walked into his home last week but shook his hand.
Stroud, who wished Ford the best before leaving the home, had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a powerful letter published in a local newspaper.
In the letter
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot.
The 23-year-old defender lifted the ball into the net to the sound of gasps.
Joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother, the youngster took to the garden to have a go.
He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Roland Giroux has captured his remarkable relationship with the fish.
He gently cups the fish with his hand and then treats it to a massage.
The fish swims away from the man's hand a few times in the video.
But he then removes the other two from the tank when he noticed they were bullying his prized pet.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, have appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week.
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die' in 2011.
Coral Jones, 43, was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play.
April was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger in October 2012.
Mrs Jones admitted she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike.
She said: 'Unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me I am a bad mother'
A young English fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and shared the lengthy response on Twitter.
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
He was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
Ryan Skivington squeezed the life out of the guinea pigs before throwing them out of window.
The 26-year-old boxer admitted criminal damage to the animals.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
Skivington also damaged a TV and iPad worth £740 during the attack.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year.
Severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words: 'The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... Murder on my mind, and my mind on murder'
The prosecution alleged that Severance's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called 'Parable of the Knocker', based
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City against West Ham.
The 26-year-old says his goal against the Hammers may be his most important yet.
Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' for the Foxes.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Barrick Gold boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital.
But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase.
Porters are carrying passengers' bags up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, from 5am to 10pm every day, free of charge.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California.
As the flights got longer, with more frequent stop-offs, the beacons and arrows were placed to help pilots on their way.
The arrows started to be placed across the country, sometimes at 10-mile intervals, from 1924.
By 1929, the arrows could direct flights all the way across the width of America, following the yellow concrete trail.
Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far and have set up their website Arrows Across America.
Professor Stephen Hawking was speaking at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK.
During the show Professor Hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band.
He happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Without the run, they would only be on 20 points.
Newcastle's fans protested for the board to sack the manager.
The 53-year-old picked up the players for the winning run.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving favourite food and drink.
As part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
A grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the 'Yellow Emperor' Huangdi in Huangling County, Shaanxi Province.
Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts.
The strike by air traffic controllers has been called because the French air traffic union says their controllers are expected to retire later than their counterparts elsewhere in western Europe.
Local media said staff who man Paris's Eiffel Tower would keep it shut it until 6pm local time as part of the strike.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death.
It gives Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen.
Proponents tout that nitrogen killings will be 'fast and painless' for inmates.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
He was jailed yesterday after admitting to string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court.
The career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile.
England captain Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning.
Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place.
Coach Peter Moores and returning captain Cook put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour they cannot afford to go wrong.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent that he was going to Germany.
He is now living with a group of English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia.
Hamza's friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor.
The hapless Belgian fighter recently bought himself a pet, possibly to help him with his loneliness.
Michael Owen claims Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool on Saturday.
The former Liverpool forward has refused to back down from his comments.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism.
Jacob was given the all-clear by Qantas on Friday morning.
He flew to Brisbane for the Easter Weekend with his father and younger brother.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day.
He had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
She confiscated the note and when she turned around to look at the boy, she saw him climbing through a window before jumping through the second-story window.
The contents of the note he passed to
Bill Spedding has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault.
The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987.
Police are expected to lay more charges against him and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
The 21-year-old made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace.
Ward has impressed at both left and right back for the Eagles this season.
The 25-year-old has made 35 appearances in all competitions for the club.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on derby day.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer.
The 34-year-old midfielder is now wanted by Delhi Dynamos in India.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 2:45pm (7:40pm BST)
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day as they bid to make up ground on their 12-shot deficit.
Justin Rose will be in Saturday's penultimate pairing with Dustin Johnson on seven under par.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, Guildford Crown Court heard.
The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.
He was giving one-to-one tuition at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey.
Judge Noel Lucas ruled Shorter could not be sentenced until victim impact statement was taken from the girl to find out how his crimes had affected her.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on This Morning.
She was cuffed in front of her daughter Aimee, now 19, in 2008.
The mother-of-five was arrested amid claims of child neglect.
Aimee was forced to watch the incident, all the while screaming 'I want my mummy'
Valerie won wrongful arrest suit against Cleveland Police.
Her claim for £34,000 in compensation will be assessed at a later date.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles.
National Trust bought the tarmac spot from private landowners for £3million.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mario Balotelli made his first start in a Premier League game since November.
Mauricio Pochettino's side outran Southampton 2-2 at St Mary's.
Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002.
The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.
But the remarkable picture is a portent of bitterness that would follow the wedding.
Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when looking after them.
Researchers observed parents with children aged between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday morning.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading. Police are still looking for more suspects.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer.
Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
Dick Advocaat's side won a derby in his second game in charge.
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks.
Engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
The railway tunnel, the seventh biggest in Britain, runs beneath the mountains under the Dunraven Forest in the South Wales Valleys.
It was opened in 1890 during the coal boom, after a five-year building project overseen by the tunnel's chief engineer Sydney William Yockney
Sales of iPhones in China also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue.
iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China, where the company has big hopes for expansion.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'
This isn't the first time Zoo Weekly used flesh to make their Anzac specials more appealing.
Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of the year.
Figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning, just nine days before voters go to the polls.
Latest figures showed the economy grew by 2.8% in the whole of 2014, its strongest pace since 2006.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California.
Police say he was involved in an argument with another motorist.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
Research carried out by Forsa Institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent.
Instead, they are exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin.
Stoke City have opened talks over a summer move for Daniel Wass.
The Denmark international is available for around £3.5million.
Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle.
Boris Johnson: 'I am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the Labour Party manifesto is my former adversary Ken Livingstone'
Labour wants to recreate the stifling environment of the 1970s.
They want to make it easier for employees to take firms to employment tribunals.
Parking wardens in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells criticised for being too nice.
Inspection found officers were reluctant to issue tickets, letting locals get away.
Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12.
Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
The poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by South American tribes.
It later featured on the back of Clint Eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns.
But sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram have been central to a sales boom at the very British prestige brand Burberry.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the agreement would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb.
In Iran, thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord.
But Israel, which fears an Iranian nuclear attack, issued a series of dire warnings.
Every adult in Britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in the Green manifesto.
But the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
Phil Jones hopes Manchester United 'turn up and play their football' against Manchester City on Sunday.
United host their 'noisy neighbours' at Old Trafford sitting third in the table.
It is the first time since November 23, 2013 that the Red Devils are ahead of City in the Premier League table after having played the same number of matches in a campaign.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
For a small loaf you need to allow around 6-7 minutes and for a large, or particularly wet one, around 12 to 13 minutes.
Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has been nominated.
Jamie Carragher says Chelsea captain John Terry told his squad not to vote for De Gea or Harry Kane.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
The Belgian defender has been in superb form this season.
Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won the box office crown for the third week running, taking an estimated $29.1 million.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Furious 7 is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks.
Thief posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church in Manchester.
As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags.
He sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the Good Friday service.
Police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's outlet in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years.
He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
His special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
The Pet Rock came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding'
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Doctors are putting health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily, UN officials warn.
They say procedure should only be carried out when ‘medically necessary’
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a c-section.
The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
Mike Brown pulled out of Harlequins' clash with Saracens last weekend.
Northampton wing George North has been advised not to play again this season.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots on Sunday.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rose admitted he lost to the better man as he finished 18 under.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year.
He also has an elected position on the Manchester, New Hampshire, school board.
'This is a very difficult time, and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved,' said Senator Kelly Ayotte.
Gareth Bale was forced off after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
The Welsh forward has not been injured since October of last year.
He faces a race to be fit for the Champions League semi-final on May 5.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Two robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises.
Police are now appealing for the public to help identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books and was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows American audience.
Historian Lucy Worsley has previously questioned the authenticity of some aspects of the programme.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third respectively in Malaysia.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season for the Red Bull.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists the team will keep calm and carry on.
Hamilton is a three-time winner at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Ryuichi Kiyonari powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
The Japanese rider headed off the close attentions of James Ellison.
Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid.
Laura Wells lived with'skinnier' models in New York ahead of Fashion Week.
She says agents told them to stick to diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'
'It's completely unhealthy, not only for their body but mentally as well,' she told Australian Women's Weekly.
Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from participating in the catwalk.
Lawmakers also made it illegal to condone anorexia.
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday.
Hugo Lloris has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Mauricio Pochettino has praised Michel Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - hidden in the abdomen.
His mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory.
Law student answered 10'starter for 10' questions in last round of BBC quiz show.
The Cambridge students beat Magdalen College, Oxford by 225 points.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
He penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott slammed the executions
Woman forced elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand.
The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion.
Matchroom Sport boss Eddie Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
He said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
The 49-year-old said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold.
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Maarij Khan and his mother are set to be deported from their Newcastle home.
3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Maarij's 10-year-old brother Saffat died of meningitis last month.
Gareth Silk and his friends from Cwmbran, south Wales, were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert.
The group of six descended on the promenade of Benidorm, Spain, on March 29.
They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts and denim hot pants and high heels.
Wearing heels earned them cheers, clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co.
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the champions.
Pellegrino says he is sure the Academy will produce players worthy of his side.
But he urges patience for now, saying: 'Maybe some talented young players can do it before'
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole.
Blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to cope with caring for two kids under two.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia two years ago.
She would hide food down the side of her bed and lie to her mother about eating.
But her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she collapsed.
Laura has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in France.
The big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and 'rapids' section that kept them amused for hours.
Tiger Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
The 39-year-old is ranked 111th in the world.
Woods is on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country.
He also warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Homosexual acts are punishable by death in Iran.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud put himself about in a titanic battle with John Terry.
Ramires missed a glorious chance to put Chelsea ahead in the first half.
Nacho Monreal looked to be edging ahead of Kieran Gibbs for position as No 1 left-back.
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was attempting to climb Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster on Saturday.
Dr Gallant and an Indian doctor rushed to help the injured in difficult conditions following the avalanche, including the gravely-ill Sherpa, but said there was nothing they could do to save his life.
Suicide bomber attacked convoy before militants opened fire.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, commander of Iraqi first division.
Colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in attack in Nadhem al-Taqseem region.
Fighting has been focused on provincial capital of Ramadi, where government had been making slow progress.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer.
Mark Robinson has warned Prior that he is out 'indefinitely'
Shay Stewart-Bouley, a blogger who writes about race, and her family were enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them.
The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them and drove away.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
The story has since
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
Her salty husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to return to the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches.
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley.
Workers at office block which overlooks park said pair did not even appear to be put off.
In one video, one man can be heard asking ‘Why would you do that?’ before describing it as ‘well funny’
Another claims to his colleagues that it’s the second time the pair got down to business, branding it ‘round two’
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving.
Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week.
Donations between 2001 and 2015 showed governments and agencies from 16 nations previously gave direct grants of between $55 million and $130 million.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
One man in Austin, Texas was convinced Murray said 'Get out (of) my nightgown'
Murray even managed to stump a speech therapist who struggled to understand the Australian vernacular.
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
The French defender was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho will miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa on April 19.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Stefan de Vrij opened the scoring for Holland in the 13th minute.
Within four minutes Davy Klaasen pounced on the rebound from his own shot after David de Gea's save.
Vicente del Bosque was flabbergasted as his side failed to find the back of the net.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
The Everton forward has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Naismith is the latest Everton player to receive the award.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well.
The cards have caused outrage among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly.
Jean-Honoré Fragonard’s 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica, produced in China and ordered over the internet for £70.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the program.
Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself.
'You have to share,' screamed Fallon.
This after the host pointed out some of his brash behavior in the past, and even compared him to The Hulk.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-4, 6-3 on Thursday.
Isner is the first American to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-0 at the Stadium of Light.
The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray.
Alan Pardew was beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in Dublin.
The England No 10's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Bath were outmuscled at the breakdown, bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out.
Olivier Rousteing has revealed why he chose Kim and Kanye for Balmain.
The designer says they'represent a family for the new world'
The couple have a 22-month-old daughter North.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown explain how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious.
They also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature.
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action.
Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by Deegan.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports.
Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights.
Police continue to investigate the report of the sighting.
Frances, 53, spent the Easter weekend with friends and family in Barbados.
She has previously holidayed there with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
The pair have two daughters and a son and are said to have lived apart.
Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand's image in the United States and China.
Jack Nicklaus added another magic moment to his storied career at Augusta National in the Par-3 Contest.
The 75-year-old hit a hole in one on the 130-yard fourth at the Augusta National course.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53.
Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video in which he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex. You should be doing that'
Ian Merrett, 28, accused of harassing Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month.
The marketing co-ordinator filmed the taunts and handed evidence to police.
Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for an unprovoked attack on a Malvern to Birmingham train in 2009.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
However, Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier.
Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10.
On VE Day - May 8, 1945 - the Queen, then Princess Elizabeth, famously joined the jubilant victory celebrations in London.
Khloe, 30, revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
The reality star showcased her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in a series of recent Instagram posts.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
The Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Melbourne-based actor Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night.
She dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door.
But after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy'
He went onto apologise for the' music festivals and comedy galas' and added that the deaf man and
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
The Dutchman has been a revelation in his first season in English football.
Only a point is needed to break Southampton's Premier League points tally.
Koeman's side face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Patrick Miller and friend Damien Rigden stayed at family-run hotel in Cyprus.
The pair were on holiday to attend a friend's wedding on the island.
They were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever.
Pair explored the hotel, including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets.
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on Facebook last week.
The 67-year-old is being sued by the Oyston family over allegations he made on his social network account last year.
Knight said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the Sky Bet Championship club.
Over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in only three days.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
The England winger has attracted interest from Manchester City and Liverpool.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has said negotiations have taken place.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers views Walcott as a potential replacement for Raheem Sterling.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins, Floyd-Henry and Cleo Téa Morley.
The Morleys released a video to explain their son's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
Less than two years later, Floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins.
Jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title in 14 years.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
He moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, with just a small bag of belongings each.
Neighbours say the family were welcomed by the community but Vincent Stanford made few connections.
The 24-year-old was charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott was preparing lesson plans for a relief teacher who would be working in her place while she was
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, it is claimed.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
The Liverpool super-middleweight is set to meet one of boxing's biggest talents.
Ward has won all of his 24 bouts but has not fought since November 2013.
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale'
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to dance floor.
£5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year at Queens Hall in Newtonards, County Down.
A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff.
Council recouped £1,920 of the £7,280.85 costs from deposits from workers.
Members of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen.
They freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders Khalid Batarfi.
The advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth.
Despite the clash, the Duke plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25.
The Duke committed to being present at the commemorations in February and plans to play things by ear.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada.
It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after losing to Andy Murray.
The Serbian player grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught in the crossfire.
Djokovic apologised to the youngster and his parents on his Facebook page.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big.
After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Currently trying to sell off the home is Indiana-born, Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening.
Robert De Niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
He said if Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'
He was joined by producer Jane Rosenthal and Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Lombardi says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
He is seeking damages for violation of labor laws, emotional distress and discrimination.
Also accuses the HR department at CBS of failing to reconcile either incident.
Alexander Kristoff beat off competition from Holland's Niki Terpstra to win the Tour of Flanders.
Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Kristoff.
Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to crash during the race.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's New Year's Eve party.
His mate Rob Gaskell, also 24, tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance'
The pair are getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games.
Cambridge supporter Simon Dobbin, 42, remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after an away game to Southend on March 21.
Police said the force has also seen an increase in the'severity and volume' of football-related disorder this season.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
Morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale.
The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn, Bolton, Preston, Bradford, West Bromwich, Birmingham, Leamington Spa and three in London.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku back in.
Belgium striker has been suffering a lot in the last 10 months.
Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden.
A Northern Territory mother was lost for words when she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week.
Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli - 25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning.
The mother of-four said she loves the clouds and often photographs them, but she's never come across one shaped like this.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
It is now hoping to bring the technology to the US and has outlined plans for a line between Washington and Baltimore.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 came in second with 81.01 per cent of the vote.
The Fiat Panda Mk2 came in third and fourth with 95.56 per cent.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Texas by her father in 2007.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Dorotea Garcia last week.
Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her husband.
The girl was reunited with her family on Wednesday after a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Garcia.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
'It's like I was drafted,' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
She has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle.
His family called Royal Darwin Hospital at which point his family called police.
There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm, most of them domestics or drunken anti-social behaviour.
Duchess of Cambridge expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
The 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April.
Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday.
Sources say doctors have spoken to Kate about being induced.
Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in July 2013.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he joined Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan club.
Barcelona take a 3-1 lead into their second leg encounter at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
It is the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history.
Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier fought in Manila on October 1, 1975.
Cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane gave Sunderland a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa in 2007.
Danny Higginbotham described the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'
The Republic of Ireland assistant manager is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff.
Proton Partners International Ltd is to open three centres in the UK by 2017.
The centres will be available to NHS cancer patients in Cardiff, London and Northumberland.
Ashya King was given the 'all-clear' after receiving proton bean therapy.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled to Spain in a bid to get Ashya to the centre in Prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of NHS treatment.
Professor Gordon McVie, senior consultant at the European Institute of Oncology, has been appointed chairman of the group.
Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011, with nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014.
But the number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a 'national scandal'
Air Malta passenger jet took unusual flight path over the Mediterranean.
The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast.
It was to celebrate the marriage of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in Birmingham's James Turner Street.
Viewers were split in opinion last series, with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Duffel bag containing human remains found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It was seen outside building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc.
More human remains have been found in common area of complex on 6th Street.
Suspect, who will not be identified, will be arraigned on Monday, police said.
They are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains'
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December before demanding money to decrypt the files.
The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
Only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old, so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency or they risked losing the data forever.
Workers in China have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks of wood and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
Chinese officials hope the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Three terror suspects have all previously been named but cannot be identified.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes after he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him,' Jahnae told Daily Mail Australia.
Dr Teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour, which has extended to very
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy in Bengaluru.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs before the squirrel ran off to start his day.
The Indian palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
His wife says he has run out of blood pressure medication and guards 'don't care'
They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
One alligator that reportedly belonged to the self-proclaimed King of Pop suffered severe smoke inhalation but is in recovery.
Tom Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic.
Swansea midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks.
Carroll joined the Swans on a season-long loan last summer.
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice during their yearlong tryst.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
She was hired by the Davis County School District in 2004 and had been teaching at the high school since August 2012
Gang of eight began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China.
While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda.
After removing a board on the restaurant's floor, police discovered a seven-metre-deep tunnel that opened into a passage leading towards the Hua pagoda located 70 metres away.
Five gang members were arrested and three people are still on the run.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for low attendance and poor academic performance.
St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school.
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose said tearfully.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in Ciudad Real Madrid, which is part-owned by the council.
Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections, much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional.
But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the 'NSA Spy Cam
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX.
But quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen during the visit.
A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area.
He claimed he needed a toilet break while en route to a court in Hyderabad.
But another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
Incident came two days after gun battle in same Telangana state left two terror suspects dead.
Mary Murphy, 66, tried to grab hold of John Wood, 67, when he stumbled.
But she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths at their home in Failsworth.
Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday in the hallway of their home.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Veteran presenter Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show by employing 'ignorant' DJs who are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records.
Gambaccini, a respected rock historian, blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause.
He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A after he revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
Mr Balls confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on TV.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, was previously charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
'There has to be some type of duress or coercion,' Waldron said.
Shocking dash cam footage emerged last week showing Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia.
The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.
Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric, who has autism, wrote a letter to George Lucas.
He asked him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying in the future.
Colin was elated to receive a reply granting his request.
The letter was signed 'Your friends at Lucasfilm'
Jordan Henderson is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.
Liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but he is yet to sign an extension.
Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004.
'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories,' one executive told the publication.
Rotherham council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates.
Former chief boss Martin Kimber left in December after grooming scandal.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday.
He joked that everyone should back his team - but named West Ham instead.
Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
Later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed.
No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season.
Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at Twickenham Stoop.
Visser was one of Edinburgh’s key men in the dramatic win at the Madejski Stadium.
Danny Willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse.
Willett said his ire had been raised because the official had been in his line-of-sight as he was preparing to play his shot.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have launched a production company called The Doll House Collective.
The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects.
Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women, and said the speech she gave about having women in companies was inspirational.
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha.
But when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it.
They said it didn't have the required endangered species import permit.
Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her, because it was not imported with the right documentation.
Now, she has been handed victory by a tribunal judge at the Royal Courts of Justice.
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
The mother was also at a higher risk for preeclampsia, a blood pressure-related pregnancy complication that can be fatal.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in Bundesliga clash.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over next two decades.
At the same time price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients'
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are executed.
Quilty has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
The artist has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government.
Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says foreign nannies are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs.
The Productivity Commission has suggested extending the length of working visas for live-in au pairs to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months.
Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
Lawrence Phillips, 39, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in Los Angeles.
On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column in the Military-Industrial Courier.
He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos.
Sivkov said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the borders or Russia'
The military man says that all the seismic activity could release another wave that would wipe out the US's European allies.
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
They had sent in applications for traditional first-year slots, but accepted online classes.
But after reading congratulations notices, they learned they would have to take online classes for a year.
The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
These are thought to be expanses of ice inside a crater on Ceres.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
Republican real-estate lawyer hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday, citing influence from his politically liberal son.
He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act – which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians.
Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son Seth had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law.
'My responsibility is to speak out on my own convictions,' Gov. Hutchinson said at
The decision to ban Hardy, who last played for the Carolina Panthers, followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February.
Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies'
The league's probe concluded that Hardy violated the NFL's personal conduct policy by using physical force against Nicole Holder in at least four instances.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter.
They accuse the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash' over Lord Janner.
The CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting him.
At least 19 men with dementia convicted of child sex offences since 2010.
Politicians have written to a national newspaper to demand the decision be reversed.
Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
She was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof, and, as is her wont, eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Today's second riding partner, Lord Vestey, is a close friend of the Royal Family and also the Queen's Master of the Horse.
45% of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28% last year.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
Chiropractors blame the increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers.
Robot was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 a week on items offered for sale on the deep web.
It would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, in north east Switzerland.
The items it bought included a pair of Nike trainers, counterfeit designer jeans, the scan of a Hungarian passport and a set of UK Fire Brigade masterkeys.
But it seems the bot crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets, which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a DVD case.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday.
Dick Advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby.
The Black Cats are three points clear of the relegation zone.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road.
Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
The prosecution alleges Van was aided by Tran and Tr
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
With its front left leg already placed on its mother’s neck, the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg.
The footage concludes with the baby elephant leaning forward and clambering off its mother.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory.
Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues.
A $250 (£168) device called Neurio claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines.
This allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.
Neurio monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
It can also be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Strauss infamously called Pietersen 'a complete c***' on air last season.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside.
The suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city.
He said he had no idea the parts were stolen, even though they were being sold at a discount.
In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season.
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has also been photographed smoking.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning, allowing the ship to make its way through the harbour to dock.
Vacationers were put on edge as 'a lot of water' was coming through glass panels and some of the crew were also frightened by the experience.
Photographer Seth Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep.
The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world, chubby-cheeked, curious, mischievous, and playful.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud and Kolo Toure are both in contention to replace Martin Skrtel.
Daniel Sturridge, Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho will hope to exploit Per Mertesacker's defence.
Jordan Henderson and Aaron Ramsey are the midfield marathon men.
The eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation in Gdansk, Poland.
It was probably dropped by someone in the toilet by an old school of swordsmanship.
The artifact has now been taken away for preservation work.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears the video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Russia allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18.
Clinton's video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, holding hands, talking about their up-coming wedding.
EasyJet asked customers to provide airline letter confirming cancellation.
But the budget airline told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
The charge came to light after French air-traffic strikes affected flights.
No other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged.
There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery.
Now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
Authorities had been trying to identify the winner of the $14.3 million Hot Lotto ticket since a
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, London.
The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
Police are appealing to anyone who may have had contact with her in the hours before her death.
Leicester have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from Howard Wilkinson, who he played under at Sheffield Wednesday.
The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to be executed.
Prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent believed he should be put to death with 63 per cent in favour of a life sentence.
Boxing fans hoping to attend the weigh-in must buy advance tickets.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on Friday at 8pm.
All funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee 'invited woman in for appointment to discuss application'
He 'locked doors of room and raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'
Woman, now 27, claims she became pregnant before suffering ectopic pregnancy.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to their already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Charlene, 37, presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award.
Presented the award at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo.
Djokovic was presented with the award by Laureus Sport for Good Foundation.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in Limerick.
The 31-year-old has a 71 per cent knockout ratio in his undefeated record.
Quillin was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to Lee.
Fabio Capello says John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy.
Capello was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
Terry retired from international football in September 2012 after the FA pursued their own charges.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week.
The 72-year-old had been at the club for almost 40 years.
Pep Guardiola was unhappy with the treatment of injured players.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery.
Everton have put together their best sequence of results in over a year.
The hotel sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Guests can enjoy a day on the lake in canoes, one of many outdoor activities.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them in Lincoln.
But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost.
Prosecutors have been accused of losing a Nissan Micra at the centre of a double murder case.
Ulrike Berger, 44, barred from leaving country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after little girl was dropped off for weekend visit, the pair boarded a plane to Europe.
Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'
Only 30 per cent of people in the UK consider themselves religious, according to poll.
This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent atheists.
China was at bottom of the list with 61 per cent saying they are atheists.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south.
The 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan at 0143 GMT on Monday.
Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Romelu Lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola.
Raiola said Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier.
Lukaku signed a five-year contract at Goodison Park so will have four years remaining after this summer.
Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard more game time.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was hotly tipped to win the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday.
The 18-year-old jockey collided with the fence with such force that he pivots.
Ferguson managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.
Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters on Wednesday.
McIlroy is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston.
Horan revealed that the One Direction singer will sing with him.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
Cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze, increasing containment from 15 per cent, though on-the-ground conditions did not make that fight easy.
Raheem Sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old.
England winger turned down a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park in the Aviva Premiership.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Bath fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, went missing while dressed as Poison Ivy at a Halloween party.
Her naked body was found on a 13-acre property close to train tracks.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
She was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover reversed into his Rover 75.
Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, his lawyers claim.
But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Mr Morgan was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
But Mr Tsipas insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He insisted Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in opening rubber.
Pavlyuchekova saved a match point in the second set before going on.
The result left Russia needing one win from Sunday's three matches to reach the final.
Hermann Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief.
He plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him for his part in the mass extermination of Jews.
She claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday.
The 27-year-old admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th.
Kevin Morton gave Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet when he complained of feeling unwell.
The 13-year-old was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Morton, 49, could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
He got talking to a group of SouthWest employees and they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce is now urging would-be donors to help more teachers and students through fundraising website DonorsChoose.org.
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Pep Guardiola in the summer of 2012.
But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers.
Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga.
Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Mats Hummels has indicated he is ready to join Manchester United.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended that session behind Lewis Hamilton, his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Mercedes AMG Petronas driver Rosberg may buck up and take pole.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence.
Krueger was photo editor for the UK campus newspaper, the Kentucky Kernel.
David Alaba's cast has been removed following knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed.
Jason Lee, 38, a former Goldman Sachs managing director, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in East Hampton.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike.
The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum, as he walks up the dock to greet them.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth.
She then went back to work on a shoe production line in Wenzhou City.
When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace.
James Morrison headed in within two minutes and Craig Gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half.
West Brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory, drawing five and losing five.
Abbey Clancy, 29, hits sultry pose in new campaign for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
She joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27.
Clancy, mother to four-year-old Sophia, says she's 'honoured' to be a part of the campaign.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.
Poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday in Rome.
The 51-year-old blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori.
Bezos was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% considering quitting altogether.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt last month described situation as 'worrying'
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the drop zone.
But Bruce is confident he can keep them in the Premier League.
Josh Meekings was served with retrospective notice of complaint after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Shown is another torrent frog, the Waterfall frog.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) in Munich, Germany, for the operation.
Dentist claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped patients.
In a letter to his lawyer K claimed he had healed the patient by removing his 'poisonous' teeth.
But in court K said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S, who lived in woods and only ate raw foods, had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot at Chelsea.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny has kept six clean sheets.
Vincent Kompany's recovery from a hamstring injury has marked the collapse of Manchester City's campaign.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa.
Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes, and last night in parts of Johannesburg officers formed a human barrier.
More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia.
Chelsea beat Stoke 1-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half for the Blues.
David Beckham scored the same goal for Manchester United in 1996.
Jose Mourinho said Adam's goal was a wonder-goal.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.
She was interviewed by STV's Debi Edward for the special TV programme set to be aired in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag.
She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $10,000.
The supermodel has been in a Rawalpindi prison since March 14.
Her lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand money over to her brother.
They claim she is being targeted because of her celebrity status.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
This difference may seem slight, but it suggests the next model could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range.
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors on Tuesday, reports MacRumors.
He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook.
It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly.
Apple released its iOS 8.3
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being on a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of NBC
Bayern Munich host Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola's side are without injured players Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
The Bavarians are hoping to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign.
Leverkusen have won their last five Bundesliga games without conceding a goal.
Tiger Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
Woods is 12 strokes behind the leader, 21-year-old Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
He said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him: 'absolutely sick to my stomach'
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, injected himself with petroleum jelly.
The DIY procedure left him unable to have sex and in constant pain.
He said: 'Every day is difficult for me as it's very painful and bleeding'
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London.
He was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes filled with sexual fantasies.
His entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Prince Abdul Malik wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
Celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket blasted off today from Florida under perfect conditions.
The company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform.
But it didn't go to plan and Elon Musk tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011.
Michael Owen scored a 96 minute winner to send United through to the Carling Cup final at Wembley in January 2010.
Robin van Persie scored a late free-kick to put United six points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern team.
Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind.
'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
The list of killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who poisoned as many as 60 patients in a variety of different hospitals for over two decades.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Siddique became enraged after learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
His father then beat Bibi before dousing her with petrol on April 17.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
The jump came after the internet watchdog was told that it could proactively seek out abusive content online, in order to shut it down.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said Ed Miliband has been 'kicked around' by Tories.
She called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' in ruling out a coalition deal.
Polls suggest no party will have a majority after May 7 and support for the SNP hitting a record high.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
Mohammed Mohsen captures the orange cloud getting thicker as it disperses and engulfs the road.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His younger brother had died eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry.
The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other charges.
The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register.
It described his crimes as 'a serious breach of trust'
In England alone, there are 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia.
Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Edward Snowden admitted only ‘evaluating’ files stolen from GCHQ and NSA.
Former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
He leaked information about attempts by spying agencies including GCHQ to view citizens’ private information.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win.
Derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat Millwall and Ipswich lose.
Sheffield United (away to Leyton Orient) and Chesterfield (home to Bristol City) will be guaranteed play-offs places with wins or if Rochdale fail.
Calf born in Narnaul, northern India, has five mouths - the most ever seen on a calf.
He can only take in milk through two of his mouths and is being fed three times a day.
Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future.
It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned after their kid-size ATV crashed into a pond in a rural area of Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Investigators say the 5-year-old driver lost control of the vehicle and the ATV plunged into this large pond.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
Prime Minister was pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and three children.
He blundered into row after admitting he did not want a third term as PM.
But the chat showed them teasing him after he appeared to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book.
Mrs Cameron said the breakfast-time teasing was typical of the way the Prime Minister’s family keep him ‘grounded’
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday.
The pair had to be pulled apart during the traditional staredown.
VanZant has been hyped as the UFC's next big thing despite only having fought five times.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford, Michigan, reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning.
Not long after, staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall.
Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby.
When officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk.
Golden State Warriors beat the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25.
Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of Eastern Conference.
Atlanta Hawks lost to Detroit 105-95.
Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th NBA game.
Aaron Tate, 29, is accused of leaving his three-month-old daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald's and then driving away.
Police say Rachel Jaajaa, 22, refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby'
Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother.
She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC journalist Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam.
Ms English met another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since moved back to Vietnam to be with her family.
$40 cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
Special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps complexion hydrated all night.
Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt.
Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device.
Gray was not belted in, said attorney Michael Davey, who represents at least one of the officers under investigation.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer.
The Liverpool boss says the club are bigger than their rivals.
Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
Tony Abbott says the EU must ‘urgently’ follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was ‘at war’ with migrant traffickers, describing them as ‘slave traders of the 21st century’
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in the Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
The fish ancestor roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Juan Mata has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side.
The Spaniard admits his side must take every game as a 'final'
United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Stubbs is currently embroiled in a promotion battle with the Easter Road side.
Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
The unnamed woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
Clearly feeling little remorse for his sins, the unnamed man Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2.
Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram.
The mother-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'
She suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace in June last year.
Images of menstrual blood, stretchmarks following childbirth, pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt the wrath of Instagram's censors.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The 31-year-old was called up by his country for the Test series against England.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning.
Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in 2011.
During the 2011 incident, Talib was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan is recovering in hospital.
He had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene.
The boy, who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore, described how he was approached by two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque.
They asked him what his religion was and then, when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him.
Post boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
They were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red to make them more visible.
Red has remained the standard colour for UK boxes with only a few exceptions, one being blue post boxes for overseas mail.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement.
'I think she's a tremendous public servant. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office. And by the way, thoroughly vetted, we can say that. But we need to see the substance,' he said.
De Blasio said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision as a result of how different circumstances are compared to when she ran in 2008.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
The vessel was badly damaged and part of the deck had to be lifted.
It is the second time in two months fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
This week RAF Typhoons were launched to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London.
Sir David Nicholson warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of NHS.
Claims politicians are talking about spending more money rather than addressing existing funding gaps.
Comes after he refused to resign over Mid-Staffordshire Hospital Trust scandal.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights.
As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton faced five stranded residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day.
The residents were holding their own unplanned service to remember flood victim Anne Jarmain, who lost her life in the floods last week.
More bad weather is expected later this week, with up to 90mm of rain expected between Friday and Saturday.
Margaret Atwood dismissed Duchess of Cambridge as 'uneventful' dresser.
The 75-year-old said Kate hasn't lived up to Princess Diana's reputation.
She added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Miss Atwood is just the latest high-profile female writer to attack duchess's image.
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Naked bodies of alleged attackers driven around Garissa before pickup truck.
Comes as Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, rescued after two days hiding in wardrobe.
Survivor was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College.
Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair.
The mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
She says she has banished Kevin to the sofa after learning that he cheated and has also imposed a sex ban.
Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her death certificate was signed by the 24-year-old's parents.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17.
Princess Beatrice was partying at Shoreditch House last night.
The 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31.
Joseph A-Line dress is currently sold out.
Erica Kinsman has filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston, claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
A hearing was held to determine whether Winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Hierro won the competition three times as captain during his time at Real.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on same night she stole £5,000.
She was draining up to £300 a day from disabled victims' accounts.
Officers discovered Calder had stolen more than £5k from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities.
Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months today.
'Kate effect' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine.
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years.
Among most popular royal choices was £195 coat with faux pearl buttons.
Firm now sells it with tagline 'Worn by Duchess of Cambridge' and markets it as suitable for before, during and after pregnancy.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties.
Rod Stewart's daughter Ruby opted for a partially unbuttoned shirt with no bra while out shopping in LA on Tuesday.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.
He is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing, police said.
Chris Brugger's Hodgkin's Lymphoma treatment has improved his condition dramatically.
The 35-year-old's 'My Name Is Chris' campaign was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December.
'Words can't describe! Without the campaign, we simply would not be able to afford to access Brentuximab,' his wife Naomi said.
Some of the fundraising that has taken place and donations given to the campaign have hugely raised his spirits too.
Lewis Hamilton took pole for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights at the Sakhir circuit.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The girls were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mother every night.
Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since internet.
This was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times in 1990.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said people check their emails 'all the time'
Barcelona defeated Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar and Luis Suarez scored in the first half to seal victory.
Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers.
She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.
Swindon Council is claiming that her services pose a danger to the mothers she is trying to help, and are taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading.
Louis Tomlinson was seen partying with five girls at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
The 23-year-old appeared to be rolling a joint while sitting next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.
New pictures have emerged of the raucous party, appearing to show the singer in his hotel room in the early hours of Thursday morning.
One Snapchat video shows Louis in his room with his female friends, as one of them jokes they aren't sure which member of One Direction he is.
Guernsey's only five-star hotel was pitched on the hillside above the harbour in the capital St Peter Port.
During the German occupation of the Channel Islands, this stately retreat was commandeered as the General Staff Headquarters.
The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips.
The couple were on board a Thomson Celebration cruise ship off Lanzarote.
Finlay, who was travelling alone, claims he acted in self-defence.
He claims Mr Phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with crutch.
Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May.
Hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
From Qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
He pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick.
Patrick spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
50 earthquake scientists from the world met in Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing.
Experts claim the shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla.
The 16-year-old signed for the Spanish club in January for £2.3m.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
He was involved with Norway on international duty last week and Castilla prospered without him.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
The idyllic two-bedroom log cabin has gone on the market for £350,000.
It is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
The property is made entirely from timber imported from Norway.
But its ideal location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
Jack Grealish impressed against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
Tim Sherwood has urged him to concentrate on his Aston Villa career.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university.
The person was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to police.
Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu in La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals and Karim Benzema scored two.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' Tapia said at the sentencing.
The former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.
Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
This year, it began yesterday and the celebrations are expected to last three to seven days, with festivities sometimes being extended to a month long.
As waters around the UK get warmer, popular species of fish could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures.
This could see the prices of these fish soar, or see them taken off the menu completely.
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio.
Adams is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
The 32-year-old insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord.
A towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate, say police.
The 86-year-old's body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
Police say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.
These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother in upstate New York.
The young lamb has made dozens of friends since his month-long stay in New York, but city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
Smokey is bottle-fed three times a day and needs to be burped like a baby after he has had his formula.
Plan to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a landing in 2039.
It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back.
The Planetary Society's CEO Bill Nye said: 'Space exploration brings out the best in us'
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, made the bizarre concoction on Twitter.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles.
He said: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends'
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife into believing he needed to spend time away from home.
In reality, he was living a double life, romancing Philippa Campbell, 30.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she saw a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge.
The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she reported to police.
Today it emerged that the cheat may have been looking for more women to romance.
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints, and they're all available to purchase.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal.
Described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
Also discussed his battle with testicular cancer, keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on and on as Ukip leader until 2030.
Oscar-winning actress, 39, wears roomy size-nine shoe.
Average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today.
Stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet.
The Queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at Balmoral estate.
He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital.
Prince Edward walked to his daughter Lady Helen Taylor's car with a walking stick.
Buckingham Palace said today that he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
Duke is the son of Prince George, the younger brother of King George VI and King Edward VIII.
Czech immigrants lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs'
They were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter.
Workers kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families.
But they were also made to give over all their wages and benefits.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
The defeat leaves them nine points behind Chelsea at the top of the table.
Gary Neville said City have a'mentality problem'
British Veterinary Association has withdrawn its support for the shooting of free-running badgers in controversial pilot culls.
The BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle.
Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to take 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park.
The move was made after TV scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress.
It was covered in bright blooms at LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala.
Lawyer, wife of Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about Rogue One at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
Rogue One is set between the third and fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga.
The film has not yet begun shooting so it's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
The 20-year-old has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week.
Sterling is one of Europe's most sought after young players.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
Three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, were shell-shocked by their mom's outburst, struggling to control their emotions as she left the explosive interview.
She was arrested last week and charged
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, attacked James Wormald, 25.
Pair kicked and punched the man repeatedly near their barracks in North Yorkshire.
Both men were cleared of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm.
Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told Army was keen to keep them.
Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening.
The tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt.
He said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art.
Ringholt is no stranger to nude education, having guided similar tours at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney and MONA in Tasmania.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City in the Premier League on Monday.
City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season.
Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference in 2012.
Alannah Hill broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way.
She went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot.
Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal but she now has a'very good' prognosis.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat Queens Park Rangers.
Tim Sherwood's side were set to drop into the bottom three.
Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season.
Yaya Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
The Ivorian midfielder is said to be content with life at the Etihad Stadium.
Inter Milan, managed by Roberto Mancini, are interested but given his huge wages there are doubts over whether they would be able to afford it.
City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge.
Men won for the third time running in 161st race.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley.
Shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande were filming the documentary Lair of the Megashark.
They were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator.
The great white decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat.
One of the men described the experience as 'a bit nerve racking' while another man can be heard saying: 'I don't think this is such a brilliant f*****g idea you know'
Officers searched An Noor community centre and Burnell Mitchell's home.
Mr Mitchell, 61, is director of the community centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach.
Police also visited Mr Mitchell's Wembley home, which was cordoned off.
Leslie Cooper, 36, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.
Manchester United are monitoring Edinson Cavani's situation at Paris Saint-Germain.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
The 28-year-old's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda has one year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
But, as the results show, this national number glosses over geographic diversity.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final.
The England fly-half has been out since suffering a knee ligament injury against Clermont in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with the injury.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
Only 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance.
Carers Lauren Gillies, 25, and Susan Logan, 59, jailed for six months each.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
He will describe how he gained admission to medical school in 1998 by transforming his appearance.
On his website, AlmostBlack.com, he shows side-by-side qualifications and pictures of himself as an Indian-American man and a black man
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to take his tally to 36.
Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to training.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Rooney was disappointed with the result but thought his side deserved to get something from the game.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 in the German Cup semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic from the spot.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was gunned down.
A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Hazeltine is in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital.
Rodrigo Gularte asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island.
He and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
The Irish priest appointed to be Gularte's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
For years his family pleaded for clemency on the
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Banda, who uses cannabis oil to treat Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Firm has been forced to slash the value of its property empire and sell off land cheaply.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final.
The Atletico boss was involved in David Beckham's sending off at the 1998 World Cup.
Simeone was shown a red card for lashing out at the former England midfielder during the knock-out match between England and Argentina.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was a fan of Finnish driver Kimi Raikkonen.
But Siying said she wasn't offended by the stunt and was just doing her job.
Campaign group Object condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Stephanie Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
Firm offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
Study carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
The 23-year-old has picked up 24 separate injuries during his career.
Wilshere scored the Premier League Goal of the Season against Norwich last season.
Click here for more Arsenal transfer news.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head.
He had just asked his group of friends for directions and felled him from behind.
Mr Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground.
Major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was ordered to be detained for three years.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
Floyd Mayweather invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight with Manny Pacquiao was announced.
The 38-year-old pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by Chef Q.
Broner, a three-time world champion, took to Instagram to show off the food on show.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
It has been an enormous success.
His elated family are ‘over the moon’ that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
Thousands of people donated more than $95,000 in just over a week.
Dominika Petrinova was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral.
27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Mr Meldik then revealed the 'joke' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound.
So she decided to exact her revenge by gluing wax strips to the chair.
She then led him - naked and blindfolded - into the room and onto the booby-trapped chair.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
The senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott's stance on same-sex marriage.
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand.
The reclusive eccentric died last year and left the collection dubbed the 'greatest find of the post-war era' to Kunstmuseum Bern.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the French Alps.
Family said he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff.
It is thought he entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies of his victims in Manchester.
He hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him.
Hall, of Farnborough Road, Miles Platting, has 45 offences on record for dishonesty, violence and breaches.
Charmain Speirs was found face-down in a bath in a hotel in Ghana.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
His defence lawyer has claimed she was a habitual heroin user.
But Ms Speirs's brother Paul said it was an 'outrageous lie' to say her family were addicts.
Colin Bloomfield died at a hospice in his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
He was a broadcaster, reporter and Derby County commentator for 10 years.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure.
One Direction star Niall Horan described Bloomfield as a'super great guy and great commentator'
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, is one of Britain's most successful models.
Has appeared in ads for Bosch, Disney Channel and Sunday Times Style.
She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
If you film a commercial, you may even be paid a buyout fee.
Justin Welby will say in his Easter sermon that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths'
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign.
on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida.
Retired pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is also expected to announce his candidacy on May 4 in Detroit.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
Would-be jihadis have carried junk food across Turkish border into Syria.
Pictures show Pringles, Oreos, M&Ms and even pre-mixed mojitos.
Twitter users condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and his polar party.
The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition, wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of Beardmore Glacier.
Oscar scored in Brazil's 3-1 victory over France in Paris.
The 23-year-old has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
Chelsea face Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Daisy, 26, shows off flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in Rodial shoot.
Was chosen by brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem, but Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after shaking off calf injury.
Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos could still miss out.
Aly Cissokho, Nathan Baker and Tom Cleverley are ineligible.
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday.
Former British premier made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region.
It has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Washington couple's 3-year-old son complained of someone talking to him at night.
Parents put it down to toddler's over-active imagination.
That was until one night when they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
After the first creepy message, the boy's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying, 'Look someone's coming' or 'Someone's coming into view'
The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday to keep their title hopes alive.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the theme park for the first time last September and they have been returning every month since.
Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop met shoe designer Jimmy Choo in Perth.
The pair crossed paths at Nobu restaurant in Crown Casino.
Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces.
She is also a huge supporter of Louis Vuitton and Isabel Aujoule.
A spokesperson for Ms Bishop told Daily Mail Australia she 'wore one of his friend's designs'
Greece's government has proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend the country.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight.
The aggressor, driving a Toyota, refused to stop fighting as Solis and his friend tried to end the attack, and at one point got in the face of Solis' friend.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
When Dow heard of the story, he went to the nearby restaurant, Kobe Steakhouse, and asked for the man, and Chen confirmed
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
Sterling was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Baby April found face down in toilet bowl after her'mother gave birth in lavatory'
It is believed the girl might have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade hours before she was discovered.
Merseyside Police have released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother.
Officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Baby April was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is being treated.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body, such as gold earrings.
In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past.
It could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs.
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fujian province, south east China.
Mr Song climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car.
His wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down before backing up.
He died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs, doctors said.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to the ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She was booked on suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
Security and body camera footage shows she was booked into the jail after a night of heavy drinking.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Experts say it sets men free to flex.
tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or.
feel inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
Images show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
Savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off.
Iraqi forensic teams have described how they wept as they began to excavate 12 graves, believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers killed in cold blood by ISIS.
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that George had come back just in time.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009.
The ride on former Welsh National winner Monbeg Dude was available.
Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides on Gordon Elliott's Cause of Causes.
Scores of Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi PR machine would like the world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise ahead of his side's Champions League encounter against Barcelona.
PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night before facing the La Liga giants at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull that the engine problems will be resolved come the Monaco Grand Prix next month.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it.
Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Researchers at Durham University studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
Dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than the force of gravity.
The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away.
Supermarket chain alerted to possible fault in packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ months ago.
Customer complaint said teat had detached from hard casing of one dummy.
Supermarket said no other Asda Little Angels dummies had been affected.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.
Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger.
Nicola Adams has withdrawn from the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Scotland's new drink-drive law was enacted on December 5.
Limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg.
The effect of the drop in sales is so severe, it is being blamed for a poor result.
Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars than the 2006 smoking ban.
Ashley Mote, 79, accused of string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Jury at London's Southwark Crown Court hears he fraudulently claimed £500,000.
Mote denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Medley told NBC News 'From the moment [Byrd] announced her
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Next up for the sixth-placed Catalans is a trip to St James' Park.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal lost to world No 1 Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of last week's Monte Carlo Masters.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
The 55-year-old made the comments after being confronted by her local party.
She said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son'
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched an investigation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role.
Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday.
The pair still keep in touch, according to Sherwood, who joked: ‘Just to see who he’s going to sell me!'
Elvika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old.
She was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke City in the last match.
Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, was on a cruise boat in Laos when it hit a rock.
The crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety.
But Ms Powell, from Cardiff, disappeared under the water in the strong current.
Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found, but it has not yet been identified.
Ms Powell was in the country as part of a three-week holiday, starting in Bangkok.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema's team-mate James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or monitor her during labour.
The hospital's negligence led to her son being born with brain damage.
Today, the High Court ruled the hospital must pay in excess of £14.6m.
This is the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
James cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
The QPR boss insists he won't take any tactical tips from Pulis.
QPR travel to West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley when Reading beat Huddersfield in the third round of the FA Cup on Saturday.
The 10-year-old supporter had said he hoped Arsenal beat Reading.
Reading fans reacted angrily, offering him the opportunity to be a mascot for England.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared in Dubrovnik in 2008.
She was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal town.
Croatian police never solved the mystery of how her body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
Coroner Ian Gray will officially close it at a hearing in Melbourne on Thursday.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
For Albert to be 'certain' that Bernard doesn't know, Albert must have been given a month that does not contain one of these '
Developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish Park Crescent West.
It will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million.
Residents say years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Developer PCW Property Holdings paid £105million for the crescent in 2013.
Lord Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time.
He qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a QC in 1971.
The Labour peer was made a life peer on his retirement from the Commons in recognition of his achievements in public life.
Detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth.
The website for the Hobart International Airport has been hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
The message also proclaimed that the website had been 'hacked by Team System DZ'
Peter Weber Jr.'s feat was confirmed after he proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence.
Weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a father to a 70-year-old son.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
The petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict'
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely after eating the unidentified substance.
The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating drugs.
But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour business trip in December 2012.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers.
Robbie Savage labelled the striker 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Balotelli posted a photo of himself holding a thermometer reading 38.7C.
The Liverpool striker may also have felt hot, sweaty, thirsty, very uncomfortable and slightly hungry.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals.
They were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
The sentencing will resume on Tuesday.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season.
Gutierrez was the only player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness after he first returned from treatment in December, 2013.
Camilla Parker-Bowles, 67, married Prince Charles in April 2011.
The Duchess of Cornwall has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family.
She is adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen.
Her success is due in no small part to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties.
A high heel can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches)
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from chunky and secure to a stylish stiletto, and in a large array of prints.
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Defending his not guilty plea, Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Sir Vivian Richards' name.
Four wickets in the game would take him past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets.
Richards believes Anderson will be remembered as an England great and a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham.
Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from Stoke City.
Bosnia international is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium in 2016.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has played down reports of the goalkeeper leaving.
Hughes also hopeful Stoke will wrap up signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
Marlon Samuels is one of the sharpest, bravest analysts they have.
Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's Josh Meekings appeared to handle the ball... he was charged retrospectively.
James Corden posted a picture with David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr.
Corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo.
Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on Corden's Late Late Show last month.
Brooklyn watched on from the audience as his father told the story.
The positions will be based at Microsoft's Redmond campus in Washington.
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT.
The announcement was made on the company's blog by Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Gao Yu named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000.
The 71-year-old 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners'
Ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Four-year-old Austin West drowned in a pool April 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard of his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site.
The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from GofundMe.com, but West says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations.
Dominique Granier said the smell was a'sanitation risk' to passengers.
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear.
But it is thought that those on minimum wage would be exempt from income tax.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £8.70 in October.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in Early Ahmarian culture and Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
Doody is charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19.
The dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less.
And the moon is shown top left for scale.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time, foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
The study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world.
Kim Rose, 57, accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls at party event.
He put on spread of sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees for event in Southampton.
But he was never arrested or charged and was questioned by police.
Now Mr Rose, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, will face no further action.
The jeweller poked fun at the accusations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are singing about platitudes.
The 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the general election.
Blur released their first album in years this month.
Teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, charged with terror offences.
He is alleged to have incited an Australian teenager, Sevdet Besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre during an Anzac Day ceremony.
Besim was arrested by Australian police after Greater Manchester Police revealed the extent of communications between the pair.
The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by Stuart Broad.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two.
LaKenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Louisiana, was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot.
Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, shot to fame after winning the Miss BumBum contest in 2014.
She accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
Christianity is the dominant religion in Brazil, with Roman Catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and Protestants making up 22 per cent.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit.
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
There have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
The 29-year-old suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body.
Doctors have reconstructed her face, arms and torso using skin taken from her legs.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
Lawyers for Ms Vulin will argue that she was not as badly injured as she stated in court.
They are appealing for her sentence to be reduced.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
Amanda addresses her audience via her iPhone from her LA bedroom.
Before she has even taken a breath, hundreds of hearts flutter on to her screen.
Incident erupted while plane was preparing for 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur.
Captain of flight AI611 complained that co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him.
Air India insists altercation was limited to verbal argument, and there was no physical violence.
Damian Lewis says redheads are flying the flag for gingers everywhere.
From Hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family, his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small.
The love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts thanks to the fiery females in Game of Thrones.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of shooting dead his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, on Monday.
Stancil told the court he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth'
Lane had worked at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, for 18 years.
He was dismissed from the college in March because of too many absences, according to the college.
Police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime.
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game.
Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker.
United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
The wellness blogger was a prominent Australian social media personality.
Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she'revealed' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle.
But it all fell apart last month after revelations emerged Ms Gibson had failed to fulfil promised donations to various charities.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
Allegedly let inmate out of his cell and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson, who worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble', struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell.
The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room.
The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure.
She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Affleck asked producers to leave out the name of his ancestor, James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton, New Jersey in the 1840s.
The Academy Award-winning actor apologized for asking producers to omit the name in a post on Facebook, while explaining his reasons for his decision.
'I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. I was embarrassed. The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth,' he wrote.
PBS is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network's editorial standards.
CSKA Sofia's Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months.
The Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
He has been impressed by the 'unique' fans and their passionate support.
Francis Pusok, 30, believed to have stolen horse on Thursday afternoon.
Two deputies caught up with him on foot and stun him with Taser.
He fell to the ground before standing up and trying to flee.
They stun him again, and again, before launching over to kick him.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago.
The new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago.
The family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family’s home in Tulun, in Russia‘s Irkutsk region.
He will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter.
Cheng Chen, 27, spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to Britain's Sunday Times.
He has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city, and owns a $30m mansion.
London is due to elect a new mayor in 2016, and Boris Johnson will hold the position for eight years.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark which blocked her airways.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma.
It is a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
The birthmark had spread all over her neck and nearly killed her.
Her parents Tanja and Steven were warned she may not survive.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth.
He said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI - but now we may never know what happened.
The FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
The four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault – offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Dalton said: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story'
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
The club sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
But the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree, but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from Bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day.
McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on Tuesday.
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
EU officials found that the LBA had a lack of staff, which could have limited its ability to carry out checks on planes and crew.
Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic was a bloody hero and had to be bandaged up midway through the second half.
According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was 'notoo angry' to write it all down in one sitting.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
The eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant.
It features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.
The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, had her dreams shattered.
Teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia.
The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen.
Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.
He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face and trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees.
Eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit 23C yesterday.
His mother grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police.
Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today.
Temperatures also reached 22.6C in Shoeburyness, Essex, and 22.4C at Manston, Kent.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata (formerly Calcutter) on Friday.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder.
Former India captain Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Says she was bedridden for five months and thought she was dying.
Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past.
The 50-year-old actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Robert isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam has dominated the agenda for weeks.
The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in jeans.
The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city yesterday.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'Star Wars'
Bafetimbi Gomis suffered a hamstring injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton earlier this month.
The Frenchman has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in Lyon.
Scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
Male pilot was killed and three passengers seriously injured, police said.
Crash-landed between wildlife fence and guardrail just feet away from passing cars.
Nikko Jenkins tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
It has since been popularized by the horror movie The Omen.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
Broad had complained about the state of the Warner Park crease after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day.
The groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
Dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script, created using the notes each of the women made about themselves, while they were all within earshot.
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from York area - were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18, 2009, when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York.
Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes.
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden between 1973 and 2009.
In only 2% of cases could familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors.
This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his SUV.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest.
Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
She rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Mr Mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
The 25-year-old won on a play-off hole after Li Hao-tong missed a birdie.
He was two shots behind with two holes to play, but then holed the birdie putt after Li had missed from long range.
Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide.
The man squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.
As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk.
Frances, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
But Frances and Jeremy, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain.
The Barcelona centre back said he has never seen a relationship like theirs.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
HMS Ocean even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Data comes nine months after commander Sarah West was flown back to the UK following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
He has been missing for two nights, with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even know he is lost.
Campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she doesn't believe convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death.
The 21-year-old was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line.
'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' Warren said.
Tsarnaev's lead defense attorney, Judy Clarke, specializes in death penalty cases and has spared notorious killers like Unabomber Ted Kaczynski from execution.
Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday.
They were locked in each other's arms under a raincoat on their sofa.
Friends went to the couple's villa in Xalo, near Benidorm, Spain.
Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare'
Police are not ruling any lines of inquiry, but believe the couple were murdered.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The tennis star has said he was involved in the cake tasting, but has left the majority to his fiancee.
Miss Sears is in charge of colours schemes and flowers as Murray admits 'he couldn't care less about that'
The 27-year-old has been a permanent fixture at the court side since she and Murray started dating in 2005.
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day crossbar challenge.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are now 17th in the Premier League table.
The Foxes have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive match for the first time since May 2000.
Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester’s player of the season.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945.
Brent Council has refused to increase funding for a live-in carer.
Mr Clark could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury, near Ledbury in Herefordshire.
But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer’s disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door.
He had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home.
In his final months he had been battling an application for planning permission to turn part of a paddock near to their 300-year-old cottage into a caravan park for travellers.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
The kit showed traces of semen, but the sheriff's deputies did not collect a blood sample from Morrison and left him walking the streets.
It meant that for the next four years, Morrison continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009.
But because of physical complications, the baby was aborted.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio apologized in December 2011 for the bungled cases, and his office has since said it has moved to clear
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
He was seen at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night with girlfriend Colleen Crowley.
This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Manziel was spotted partying at the Delano in Miami on over the New Year holiday, alongside the likes of LeBron James and Ryan Phillippe.
Some in the sports world, chief among them columnist Skip Bayless, began to suggest that Manziel needed help for his drinking.
Miniature Space, a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm, has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food.
The latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries.
Using a tiny cutter, the chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread before flattening it out with the palm of his hand.
The first 100 customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls, which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva.
At £4 each, they are not cheap and yet to really catch on in the UK.
But they are all the rage in Europe and Pippa may have learned of their merits.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final on May 30.
Inverness defender was cleared to play after his ban was dismissed.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded against Celtic.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
The Belgium star has had a standout season for the Blues.
Arsene Wenger says he is not haunted by his decision to pull out.
Hazard is the frontrunner to be named Premier League player of the season.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry, 36, when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Later that afternoon, Watson crashed the Lamborghini Gallardo he was driving.
The racing track is operated by Petty Holdings which also has Exotic Driving Experience franchises at speedways in Atlanta, Dayton Beach, Charlotte, New Jersey and Texas.
Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists'
'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said.
'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' Fiorina said.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.
The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014.
Couple was detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini.
Wayne Rooney hails Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini has been instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
United travel to Chelsea this weekend in the Premier League.
David Cameron set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital.
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010, and the Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Mr Cameron used a speech in Crewer to insist that the economy is the key issue in the general election.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
President Barack Obama made multiple stops and became the American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982.
He was greeted by cheers from Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller as he signed the guest book at Jamaica House, where the prime minister and her staff have offices.
Obama also signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties as he prepared for his encounter with President Raul Castro.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
The pair had been driving their high-end sports car along the D-100 highway.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio, on Monday.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her.
She was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate.
Robert Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire but he
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so.
In the short book, extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs, he writes: ‘The suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of Islam, because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population'
James Freedman has been teaching people how not to become victims of street crime for years.
Now he's exhibiting his ‘skills’ on stage in a one-man pickpocket show.
He even takes off someone’s tie without them realising.
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish officials have released images of the man in the hope someone will recognise him.
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania.
He claimed he was too depressed to leave Britain and was sent home.
In January last year he was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds.
But by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh Prison.
European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 copies in one month.
Enchanted Forest reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April.
The two books took first and second place on Amazon’s bestsellers list for the US.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild.
After the breeding program is concluded, the crocodiles will be released into the wild, where they could grow to be up to three metres long.
Harry Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on April 4.
The 68-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters in record-breaking fashion on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on Friday and Saturday.
Spieth also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods - whose 18-under total he equalled.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.
Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can live in his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man.
This is all thanks to the work of Roland Gainer, a college student who started a campaign to
Statue of Lucille Ball in Celoron, New York, sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed Scary Lucy.
Now the sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue has pledged to make a new one for free.
A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart.
A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra.
Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW
California is in its fourth year of severe drought.
Almonds are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain.
The nut that frequently appears in the Bible has been dubbed ‘the Devil’s nut’
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure.
The copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent.
This is the first time the failure of Li-ion battery due to overheating has been recorded.
It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through, no selfie sticks and no smog in sight.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
Lawyers investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week.
The final decision will be made by senior officials.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
New police reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on February 26, the day of his death, that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself'
Schwe
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site.
He was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on February 13.
A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife.
Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested.
The 31-year-old was found with £410 in stolen cash in a nearby pub.
Sentenced to four years in prison for armed robbery today.
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader.
He said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
The prince led a victorious charge against the Nazis in Kaluszyn, near Warsaw, in 1939, helping to save 6,000 Jews.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation.
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment after allegedly dangling her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo.
She faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Visitors heard a scream at 3pm on Saturday and looked to see Schwab and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child.
Schwab has taken a leave of absence from her management role at one of the centers in Columbus, Ohio.
Nordic country tightened laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Agriculture minister Dan Jorgensen said it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
Evans has dominated the ladies' game and in 2010 became the first woman to be afforded the chance to qualify for men' events since 1994.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old midfielder has been hampered by groin and knee injuries.
He returned to action from his latest setback earlier this month.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
Chinese media reported that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb as the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her.
On Saturday, Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday of March 18 - in his hometown Xiamen.
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
He also said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes.
It topped the poll last year as well as four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune.
The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
Dmitri Kovtun, who is wanted for Litvinenko's murder, insists he was not involved in the dissident's death.
He suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it.
Kovtun has agreed to give evidence at the public inquiry into his death as long as he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by police.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio, on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.
Wilcox then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot him.
The officer had been warned by dispatchers before arriving that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'
Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived, allowing Kidder's partner to handcuff him.
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club.
Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair at Manchester City.
The Nantucket wooden chair once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship.
It was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912.
Dubbed 'one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable', the chair is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
They used computer models the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and.
$1.5 million.
Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes.
Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom.
Bradley Neil won the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and the British Amateur Championship last year.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things when he turns pro by world No 1 Rory McIlroy.
The operation was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto.
The incident took place during a night out in Bradford City Centre.
She has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for the 'unprovoked' attack.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history at the Masters last year.
Spieth finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun.
In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Poundland has posted annual sales exceeding £1billion mark for first time.
Company began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps rewards.
Discount retailers are taking sales from Britain's 'big four' supermarkets.
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.
Tories have promised to lift threshold if they are returned to power.
But Balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering threshold to raise money.
He said: 'I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful, and staged and balanced way'
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition.
The condition causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
They included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull.
Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
But Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Celtic have since written to the SFA crying about a penalty.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
He sought to make the case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Tories.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27kg)
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing niece or nephew.
With Duchess of Cambridge now overdue for birth of second child, the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May.
Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign.
But with Duchess now several days overdue, Harry is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army, followed by a week long official tour of New
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith.
Smith, who was then 49, got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes.
Mrs Bates said: 'I wish I’d killed him the first time I saw him'
Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with numbers being granted visas limited at 50,000.
But at the start of March, Mr Farage overturned this by saying he would not set ‘arbitrary targets’
At the end of the month, the Ukip leader spoke of a net migration limit of ‘about 30,000 people a year’
Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
It will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families.
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its listing was cancelled.
Residents in the small hamlet have vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and may ruin the idyllic surroundings.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
The selection process, held at five-star hotels, was so quick applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job.
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season.
Reports in Italy claim he has told the club's hierarchy he wants to leave.
Tevez has always said he intends to finish his career at Boca Juniors.
UEFA have charged Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer’s World Cup.
Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July.
Guardiola wore the top during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League.
A white powdery substance was sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down.
A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police.
The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed just after midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
Crisis campaigner Diana Sayed said: 'Where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore'
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo.
But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed.
Radamel Falcao moved to Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
United will have to pay £46million to make Falcada's transfer permanent.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’
The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona on Monday.
Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal from close range.
Fiore are nine points behind third-placed AS Roma.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years, and says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process'
The 36-year-old says Frank's ex-wife and mother of his children, Spanish model Elen Rivas, has kept her close to the girls.
Christine says she and Frank waited until they were sure of their long-term feelings for each other before introducing her into their
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’ nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre.
McIntyre called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes.
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
Scientists believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive life.
The study, by the University of Milan and University of Colorado Boulder, is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League.
Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game.
The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run ended at home to Manchester United.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in Shanghai.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after qualifying.
Aberdeen are eight points behind Celtic in the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila's side face their nearest challengers on May 11.
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers flock to the town hoping to catch a sighting.
The bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from the roof of a house.
Thiago Alcantara opened the scoring for Bayern Munich on 14 minutes.
Thomas Muller doubled Bayern's lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining.
Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of headers on 27 minutes as the German giants raced away.
Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso scored his side's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go.
In 2007, Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World'
Since 2011, the average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO.
Last year 1.1million people reached its dizzying peak - the project is set to cost around £28.5million.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after his team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high-five.
The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
'Too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote of the event.
The Army Times also uncovered attempts by the Special Forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from Hot Shot material.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
Vian told shareholders that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation'
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row.
Boy, who is a member of the Wood Green Gang, pleaded guilty to the murder.
He pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry as he got into a lift.
The teenager, who cannot be named, became enraged when Mr Barry wouldn't let him and his friends into the block of flats where he lived.
Judge Stephen Kramer sentenced the boy to a minimum of 11 years detention.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock.
Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, known as 'Freddy' after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.
Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
The teenage duo carried out joint suicide missions in ISIS's latest offensive on the Baiji oil refinery in Salahuddin province, Iraq.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, adopted 40 children over 26 years.
The couple found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989.
They gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
The older brother of comedienne Mindy Kaling says he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
He doesn't specify if he went through the same application process as an Inidan-American man as he did a black.
Chokal–Ingam says that his sister, sitcom star and comedienne Mindy Kaling told him not to move forward with the book
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League.
United currently sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea.
Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable.
Victory over Aston Villa would put some pressure on neighbours Manchester City.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for 2015-16 season is released in June.
Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs.
They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards'
About 68,800 people serve in the command, including 3,000 civilians.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation.
The supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region.
At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Previous attempts to find a void at the distance of the Cold
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
The 25-year-old has lost his England place to Jack Nowell.
May's mother taught Sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster.
Tom Lineham scored a hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8.
The winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California.
But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time.
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London as the men.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction.
Participants parade through the streets with three giant phalluses, while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages.
The festival is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine in Kawasaki, south of Tokyo.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of Remington 'Remi' Walden a 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle.
Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
The verdict came nearly two years after Chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898.
The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of kickbacks.
Devery had to give a backhander just to get into the force, and was never shy about trading dollars for ranks.
At the helm of the NYPD from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine, a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years.
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching spectator’s barriers at the 26-mile course.
The 23-year-old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing.
His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture and stands back in shock as Jordan beams up at her.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's eccentricity.
EU rules on organic farming require fish to be treated with homoeopathic remedies.
First line of treatment for organic fish should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution'
British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
Vets say use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, made an appearance at the Woman Awards.
Presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award.
The event was held at Madrid Casino last night.
Vaccine designed to teach immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP.
TARP is found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
If successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to his £10million Jacobean manor in Staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs.
The businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century Civil War.
He sold off Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion and plans to build a high-end housing complex worth as much as £2billion.
Tonya Stack 'flipped Kevin Boyle the bird' at a fundraiser in Philadelphia.
Boyle claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him.
Stack's husband Mike Stack holds the state's second-highest office.
Tim Ward was buried under 25 feet of mud in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014.
His wife of 38 years, Brandy, was one of 43 people killed in the disaster.
A week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Report expected to criticise dozen senior figures involved in the 2003 conflict had been pushed back until after the election.
Sources close to the investigation have now told BBC’s Newsnight that ‘nobody thinks it will come out this year’
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
England have won four competitive games in which he has started.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Mark Hughes believes Bale should stay at the Bernabeu.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate.
They are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.
The UK beauty industryemploys more a million people and is worth £17 bn.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform.
It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Aden Gould, 21, opened two speakers at Sainsbury's in Stoke-on-Trent.
He put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security.
Staff took him into manager's office and forced him to empty his bag.
But he was cleared of shoplifting and had to pay £150 in compensation.
Sainsburys has now revoked ban and agreed to waive £150 fine.
Youth confronted by Isa Richardson, 46, who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down.
Richardson, a well-known character in Maidstone, Kent, has a history of begging.
She admitted her latest offence at Maidstone Magistrates Court.
The homeless defendant was also given a 12-month conditional discharge.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.
The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign.
Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot.
Vegetarian meatballs will go global in April and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball.
Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
UK customers spend days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
Stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two from Dudley, West Midlands.
He joined ISIS as an explosives expert and sniper in Syria last year.
Has shared four images of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs.
 Components are seen organised on shelves and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces.
Tariq has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their function.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
The researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre.
Stoke host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday at 5.30pm.
The Potters have won their last visit to Stamford Bridge in 1995.
Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea.
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie has been banned for six months.
Labadie was found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in a year.
The 24-year-old pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three were investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was an SS guard in Ravensbrück and Auschwitz, according to Stasi records.
Gisela S, a 'hard-faced' woman who beat prisoners as punishment for petty rule infractions, worked in the feared SS under her maiden name of Demming.
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.
Mr Cameron, wearing notably clean new work boots, as he chatted to house builders, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
He used the launch of the Conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters'security at every stage of your life'
Sam Bennett was involved in 50-rider pile-up at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
It is eight years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby.
But bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year.
The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend.
Northampton, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball fired from wooden trebuchet.
But sparks from fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse.
The thatched building was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
Warwick Castle confirmed the incident and said the attraction remains open and unaffected.
Ted Koran, 59, called the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night.
Claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time.
Only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for 60 rescue animals.
Veterans Association estimates 22 veterans end their lives every day across the US.
Monopoly-makers planning special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots.
But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao take on each other in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight will be streamed live across the world from 12am UK (7pm EDT)
A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Mr Abbott said the troops became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies.
The 33-year-old scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test.
West Indies batsman Devon Smith admitted his side were inspired by Colin Graves' comments.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's games this season.
The Welshman has been out injured with a buttock muscle injury.
Bale missed Real's 5-0 win against Liverpool at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Real have won all eight of their games without the £86million man.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema, Toni Kroos, Sergio Ramos and Bale were all on the sidelines.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
Aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity.
The battery is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries, and can't catch fire like lithium-ion technology.
The self-confessed atheist Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed'
Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist'
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano and at the club with one of the lowest budgets in Spanish football he has had the season of his life.
Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto are ready to poach him.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon.
She was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday's race.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world.
Bergdahl was captured by the Taliban in June 2009.
This development comes one week after officials scheduled a July hearing for the Army sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments.
The Falkirk boss did placatory – ‘I have a lot of respect for Peter and what he’s done’ – and followed it with accusatory.
Houston's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve.
Kell Brook has challenged Amir Khan in a post-fight interview.
Khan has agreed a bout with Brook on May 30, with his opponent yet to be confirmed.
The 28-year-old is desperate to fight Khan within the next 12 months.
But Khan insists he only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Nokes, a keen horsewoman, artist and charity fundraiser, is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 9th minute.
Philippe Coutinho doubled the Reds' lead shortly after.
Sissoko was sent off for Newcastle for a second bookable offence.
Cleopatra was known for her love of perfume, liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality.
Aston Villa host QPR at White Hart Lane on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood has labelled the game the 'biggest game of my managerial career'
The Villa boss admits he does not have the players to grind out results.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone.
But they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby.
Franco Di Santo scored from the spot to keep their Europa League hopes alive.
Hamburg's Valon Behrami was sent off for bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic.
Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing Hamburg from going down.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Clarkson's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will return later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You.
Chloe Owens, 27, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant.
She and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital.
The app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding.
It has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
Three-and-a-half-year-old Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas.
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a Ybor City bar alone on February 12.
She was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone.
Autopsy shows Foster's blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still leads chants of 'Death to America'
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Designs show that the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the Baltimore Police Department in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
A Chevrolet spokesman told Daily Mail Online that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment.
The 19-year-old defender has been the SPFL young player of the month for March.
Denayer made his international debut for Belgium last month.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their Facebook accounts.
The trend comes as older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures.
Facebook has even started running television adverts to entice'silver surfers' to join.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a WWE wrestling figure.
Tim Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Munster have signed New Zealand international Francis Saili on a two-year deal.
Saili will move to the province later this year after the completion of his 2015 contractual commitments.
The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues.
Lauren Bacall, 89, died of a stroke in New York last August at the age of 89.
Bacall bought her Manhattan apartment for just $48,000 in 1961 and it's currently on the market for $26 million.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982.
He would meet and photograph prostitutes as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets.
His amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar.
The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics who mingled together.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
The 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett’s Wanderers.
Henri Lansbury has been back to something like his best after a forgettable first chunk of the season.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
The relationship between the toddler and the man has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and said that he's seen them in the store together before.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces.
Jess says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand.
Topshop and Topman will open a second store in Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April.
The brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event.
A breakfast will be hosted by Australian beauty and Australia's Next Top Model judge Cheyenne Tozzi.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to stay away from Walter Scott's funeral.
Claims that they wanted him to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus'
He will preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral.
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday.
Ms Wong, 46, shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back is keen to return to his former club.
Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Aljaz Bedene can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the AEGON Manchester Trophy.
Millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay heard mocking migrant boat disasters.
He is thought to have made £72m with Mered Medhanie from smuggling in last two years.
Another trafficker, Mered Medhanie, also known as The General, was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize.
Ghermay, who also lives in Tripoli, was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested Saturday afternoon after allegedly walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road.
She initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
Once she was subdued and placed in the police car, officers found white residue on her teeth and a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk, concluding that she had, in fact, 'bitten' the patrol cruiser.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
At his heaviest he was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet.
The result was topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps.
He now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Three of those charged in the newest complaint - Mohamed Farah, Abdurahman and Musse - were stopped at a New York City airport in November along with 19-year-old Hamza Ahmed.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for Hibernian.
The result sees Hibs collect a valuable three points in the race for second place.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
A pro-life group put his photo in an ad in an effort to promote his story.
Facebook reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2.
Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive watch.
The watch will then go on general sale online and exclusively from 23 April.
Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more.
It is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
According to a new relationship study, for 54 per cent of single women, the best part about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed.
But for Aussie blokes, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat.
While more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right'
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent.
The 19-year-old Barcelona B winger is turning down a new deal.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool.
It housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences.
But the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls, exposing traditional brickwork.
Exercise yard, once open to the elements, has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich.
The former Barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.
Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed talks will take place this summer.
Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. Wednesday.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow.
The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin.
McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday’s race.
Sharky Jama was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management.
He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend, former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf, to join the terror group.
His father Dada Jama confirmed his death to SBS Radio on Monday.
The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death.
It said consular assistance was no longer available within Syria 'due to the extremely dangerous security situation'
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months.
Now weighs 8st 9lbs, which means she is very slim for her 5tf 7in height.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star's birthday was in March.
Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars.
Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' now that they have time to process son's death.
Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh.
In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Mr Kyle attended the trial, but said it was difficult to be in the same room with his son's killer.
He also spoke about a Texas legislator's push to award Kyle with the medal of honor posthumously.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around, punching, kicking and jumping out of bed.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad.
The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa.
Young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Rhodri Giggs was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
The 37-year-old said the offence on October 14 last year 'wasn't intentional'
Giggs was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
In January, Giggs spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan's eight-year affair with his then-wife Natasha.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
The avid angler spent the next three hours trying to bring the beast to shore.
He said he was 'absolutely shattered, I had blood blisters all over my hands, sweat and sunscreen dripping into my eyes, and my whole body aching from holding the intense pressure'
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - allowing the winner to select club colours.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
Kick-off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on Saturday May 30, with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Mervyn was 42.
They are part of the Royal Photographic Society, held at the National Media Museum, and are currently on display.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today.
Residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours.
As it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h)
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
For Saturday, the Weather Channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson.
Forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio, New York, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium in the FA Cup.
Reading took the lead through Pavel Pogrebnyak.
Conor McAleny equalised for Cardiff in the 90th minute.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for the Premier League leaders.
But Ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Poll put Ukip on 17%, Lib Dems on 7% and Greens on 3%.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception when he was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle on Thursday.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season.
The defender activated a clause in his current deal at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders expressed concerns over negative tactics employed by Tory campaign.
They believe they have done little to discredit Ed Miliband, bookies' favourite to be PM.
Comes just weeks after more than 100 of Britain's top business leaders backed the Conservatives' economic plan.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator threw confetti at him during a press conference in Frankfurt, Germany.
The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.
Miss Witt said she was formerly associated with Feminist activist group Femen.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said.
The search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock, Michigan.
Miss Bruck was last seen at a Halloween party on October 25 attended by around 800 people.
Police have interviewed multiple people and investigated hundreds of tips over the past six months.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The Inverness defender was charged with deliberate handball during Sunday's semi-final against Celtic.
Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given in the 3-2 win.
He was subsequently cited by Tony McGlennan, the SFA Compliance Officer, for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport.
The 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East.
In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants.
Gardiner is also head of the NT Labor Party, though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance.
The dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap.
Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur.
It was found by a farmer in Mutoudeng, in Qinglong County, Hebei Province.
Scientists believe the dinosaur, which is pronounced 'ee chee', appears to be a weird hybrid between a dinosaur and a bat.
This suggests at the time several different types of winged dinosaurs evolved wings in an attempt to fly.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
She was chosen to play to Julie, who died from putrid throat.
Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut.
Her mother said watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open on Friday night.
Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami and will take on Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend.
In the five-minute video, Hargrodve discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head.
Hargrorove, who also featured prominently in the CNN documentary Blackfish, says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
Last week he released a book detailing his long
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday.
Her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region.
She had insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town after two days without power and with limited food supplies.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Visits from Kim and Kayne increased by 11.3 per cent, with an extra 178,200 visitors on 2013.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
Couple were arguing over 'infidelity' in bedroom of St Paul apartment.
He then shot Miss White in face at close range, according to police.
When medics arrived at the scene, they pronounced young mother dead.
Now, Harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder.
Suspect, who had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman, remains in custody in lieu of $200,000 bail.
If convicted,
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was charged Monday with running a $7million Ponzi scheme.
Trebitsch allegedly lied to investors about stock losses and pocketed most of the money entrusted to him for trading.
Silver was arrested in January on charges he took $4million in brides and kickbacks since at least 2000.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season.
The Spaniard has yet to agree a contract extension with the club.
It has been rumoured he could replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Benitez joined Napoli in the summer of 2013 and led the club to the Coppa Italia and third place in Serie A.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to sit on the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch.
Pictures of large groups of students sitting on the kerb eating their lunch have spread rapidly across Wechat, China's version of Whatsapp.
The school has banned all pre-packed lunches and cut their lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes.
Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Oxford's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew, but also for rowing and sporting equality overall.
Audrey Hepburn's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies to sleep.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, including Eurythmics' There Must Be an Angel.
Frank Sinatra's My Way also proved popular with parents, as did Dolly Parton's Island In The Stream.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored a brace as United moved up to third in the table.
Juan Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Princess Madeleine, 32, was accompanied by her husband Christopher O'Neill, 40.
Prince Carl Philip, 35, will marry Sofia Hellqvist, 30, in Stockholm on 13th June.
Nathaly Hernandez has lived at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky since she was three months old.
She was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
Footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds.
As she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face, she determinedly raises her arms to indicate she's singing at the top of the lungs.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in the $300m mega-fight on May 2.
The Filipino says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to come out on top.
Pacquiao has been installed as the underdog for the fight in Las Vegas.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi.
The former Barcelona and Real Madrid striker says football will continue to grow in popularity in the United States.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother-of-two says the bond began from the first moment she held him after giving birth.
She didn't want anyone else to touch him or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
Since revelations about how she prefers the smell of her younger boy Alex, Ms Cox says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
SBS Insight is based on research
Mark Jones is accused of killing his 41-day-old granddaughter Amelia Rose Jones.
The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital.
Jones, 45, denies murder at Newport Crown Court.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott after he had a vasectomy.
She’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout.
Jermain Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge.
Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Katy, Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, Tuesday night.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
When the young man tried to intervene, Beaudion allegedly pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back.
He then allegedly threatened the teen, sending the teen fleeing for his life.
An infant was also present in the house at the time of the shooting but escaped
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Rugby World Cup final on Saturday.
Mark McCall's side contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack.
McCall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how Jordan appeared in such good shape.
Jordan declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder.
Joshua Smith, 16, died after falling from a cliff in Berwick-upon-Tweed.
He was plucked from the water and flown to hospital, where he later died.
Police say death is not being treated as suspicious but have referred it to watchdog.
Rugby enthusiast was a 'lovely lad' who was 'always smiling'
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The winger was loaned back to Crystal Palace for the remainder of the season.
Zaha has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace this season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Ali spent much of his time against the ropes, inviting Foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an Oxford University side at The Parks.
The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England following the humiliating Ashes whitewash defeat last year.
Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played'
Ronny Deila's Celtic take on Inverness at Hampden Park on Sunday.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions, at the BBC and the scandal-hit bank.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers.
It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland.
Firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
The Gunners went on to win the game 2-1 at Wembley Stadium.
Reading's Adam Federici scored the only goal of the game.
Gary Lineker was left with a spare few minutes to fill after a film about the 1990 FA Cup Semi Finals failed.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from saying 'everyone's upset'
But he today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show.
She said: 'It would be great if they said "let's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us'
The woman was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt on Saturday.
She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
She told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats.
Organiser Allan Turner said parents were a major problem at the event.
The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
Andy Murray defeated Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the Miami Open semi finals.
The Scot was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco.
Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be new Brit Aljaz Bedene.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen four years behind schedule.
BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms.
Spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during last financial year.
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
According to forecasters we will begin to see the Arctic airmass on Saturday after it has blasted over from Iceland.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steve Clarke's side were beaten by the Gunners in extra-time.
The Reading boss won the cup with Chelsea in 1994.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945.
His family has revealed he struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen.
Mr Hamilton Miller, who died in 2001, was a former Mayor of Glastonbury.
He served in India for much of World War II and arrived in Bergen-Belsen shortly after its liberation.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to hitting her husband Daniel with their SUV in Mesa, Arizona, after learning that he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident.
But now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible'
Just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland'
Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering, neglect of a care dependent person, kidnapping, unlawful restraint and false imprisonment.
She was detained in Maryland on Saturday night,
Woman escaped from IS capital Raqqa in Syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone.
She said: 'IS has stripped women of all their freedom, they said we must cover the whole face, this is all forced on us by IS, nothing at all of a woman is revealed'
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
The corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak.
She sat politely with it on the sidelines of the event in Newark, Nottinghamshire.
Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
US genealogy expert Megan Smolenyak has traced Mrs Clinton's roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, a small community in south Wales.
The district, known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty, has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda.
Mrs Clinton's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil and from an early age supported her widowed mother.
Official records show she was working as a servant by the age of 12 but in reality she may have been working even earlier.
Melvin the giraffe was gored to death by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo.
Around 30 people, many of them children, witnessed the unprovoked attack.
Vets rushed to the scene, but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final.
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola's side lose 3- 1.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot.
'Boogie boarding with my baby,' she captioned the image.
Maggie only gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self.
Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
A blue tit will normally collect moss, grass and straw to make her nest which she then lines with feathers, fur or wool.
The female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help, or no help at all, from the male.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding.
Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Family say she was'so in love' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life.
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan.
It measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index.
A 12-day tailor-made Gentle Walking Bhutan holiday costs from £2,475.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Gareth Bale failed to have the desired impact as Atletico kept him quiet.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
Christy, 46, had just given birth to daughter Grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage, causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall.
She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her.
free without pain relief - an experience that could easily have killed her had she not been in such good hands.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
A former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his round.
The 49-year-old woman was given a new combination of two drugs to treat skin cancer.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed her recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses'
They combined a standard drug, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab.
They found 61 per cent of those treated with the combination showed signs of their tumours shrinking.
But side effects experienced by the patients on the combination therapy were worse, though they were still manageable.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
QPR beat West Brom 3-2 to keep their survival hopes alive.
Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United in a £31.5million deal from Southampton last summer.
The 19-year-old has made just 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils.
Shaw admits he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit at Newcastle between 1998 and 1999.
Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson.
Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
The 30-year-old singer first shared the news with People Magazine in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months -  because she was trying to recover from the disease.
Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
'I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the Hello Kitty singer said.
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'
The flub was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering on the bag.
It follows closely on Madonna's other opinion-splitting move - kissing Drake live on stage.
Rihanna and Madonna are mere amateurs compared with artist Grayson Perry.
Perry designed his own brown leather bag in the shape of a scrotal sac.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over 87-year-old's finances.
She later became carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales.
Bailey was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence at Bolton Crown Court.
IFS said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
The think-tank warned Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events'
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club.
However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
Investigators have rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified, the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK.
They are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain.
Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
McCoy needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
They looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
The main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed.
Fossils that were originally labelled Brontosaurus appeared different from two Apatosaurus species.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time.
The bridge also connects a system to the wider world.
With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0.
The result leaves Neil Harris' side four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
The 23-year-old looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique's side are through to the last eight of the Champions League.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax rather than evade it, which is not.
But bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter suggested otherwise.
Ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket Swiss ski resort.
Gabrielle Giffords, 44, walked with the help of a cane through LA airport.
The former U.S. representative is now an advocate for gun control.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip.
Giffords survived a gunshot to the head on January 8, 2011, when a man opened fire in Arizona.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
The animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet.
Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
Comes after Britain struck oil in remote field of the islands this week.
Find could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar.
That’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends per day.
A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’
He argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence.
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four.
Apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age.
Michelle Pfeiffer has teamed up with Katie Couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program.
Also involved in the project is Diane English, the creator of Murphy Brown, who will serve as an executive producer.
The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport.
One of the suspects is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case.
Her father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography.
Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK and its imprint The Bodley Head.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke.
More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted authorities.
Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant were found to carry the illness.
The plague, which famously killed millions of Europeans in the 1300s, causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage.
It’s the second time in four weeks that Italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country's top landmarks.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
The panel has been told Ms Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria.
In March, an independent investigation into what happened at the hospital found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother.
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
The zoo said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
Apple will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world.
Customers can pre-order their watch through the Apple Online Store beginning April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST for delivery beginning April 24.
In stores, customers will get a personalised session with a Specialist to try on, fit and size their band, and explore the amazing features of Apple Watch.
Rachel Simpson, 15, has one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
This is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game.
The midfielder enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was suspended for three matches for his sending off against Manchester United.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday lunchtime.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Arsenal at Anfield in December.
Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history for Liverpool against Arsenal in 1994.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress, which is exclusively available on Tesco’s website, is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
He stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol.
She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Greece is the biggest improver with its 5.6m incoming passengers from Britain a 13.2 per cent increase.
Domestic flights rose for the second consecutive year to 21m, a 2.4% increase on 2013.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's trip to Newcastle with hamstring injury.
Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness.
Daryl Janmaat could be fit to take his place despite injury scare.
Fabricio Coloccini will complete his three-match ban at Anfield.
Rolando Aarons and Siem de Jong have not returned to training.
Ian Poulter forgot his golf clubs as he drove to Augusta.
Henrik Stenson and Tiger Woods will share bag-carrying duties.
Gene Sarazen's albatross on 15th put the Masters on the map.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Karim Benzema missed Real's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League second leg on Tuesday.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
But the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes.
Mr Gee paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
'It was shattering,' Mr Gee said, after he had to dig the hole himself.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live TV.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push towards the Premiership.
The Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career.
Song has picked a mixture of talent in his squad for The Fantasy Football Club.
Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying.
The Curacao team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Sunderland's trip to Crystal Palace.
The Black Cats midfielder will sit out the next two games.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness.
Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’
Documents show Saracens’ wage bill soared by another £1million last season.
The north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Premier League rivals Leicester.
Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while Callum McManaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback after a foot problem.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for shows and museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Mrs Costello's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to Iona was improperly executed.
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat.
Farage is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast.
If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage's political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Mr Whitesides was speaking at the annual Space Symposium in Colorado Springs.
The first SpaceShipTwo will carry six passengers and two pilots.
Each passenger gets the same seating position with two large windows - one to the side and one overhead.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago.
She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa.
But recent fighting forced it to close and she is now hiding in a shelter.
Her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are currently living in fear.
Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country.
Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired and the UK authorities are closed.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners.
He will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
Bus ploughed into the engine of a passenger plane at Tashkent airport.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Ireland's busiest airport.
Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman came off in the early stages of Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
The 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season.
The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly shot the animal down.
She believed it was feral and then posted the image on Facebook.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
A Facebook page called 'justice for the cat murdered by Lindsey' has already been 'liked' by more than 7,000 people.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Premier League champions.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was seen jogging in London today for the second time this week.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for the British Heart Foundation.
She showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorties by Adidas.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium on Saturday.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps won away from home for the first time in 2015.
Wasps' hunt for an automatic European Rugby Champions Cup spot had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures.
A. Alfred Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack.
His business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
But it was his rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front, several stores in one stop close to home — that left a mark on American culture.
Five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
The women have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets in China.
They now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Ligue 1 champions have lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week.
Zinedine Zidane believes PSG can score three goals in Nou Camp.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Didier Drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in London on Tuesday.
The Chelsea striker looked cool in a pair of dark shades, black baseball cap and Nike trainers.
Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's win over Stoke on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees.
The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment.
A good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs.
Charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue.
Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years.
Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton vulnerable to undue influence.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
She voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant Jada Cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode.
Man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle.
His boss, who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing, revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.
KJ Rail, which owns the van, said
The 34-year-old revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags.
Kim said that the 22-month-old will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire.
It has no bathroom, no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty 'Noddy' train.
Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of hut.
Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent, but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns.
But the model was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a fitness camp.
Lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone.
Rebecca was stunned when she lost 10lbs in her first week at No 1 Boot Camp.
King Willem-Alexander and his glamorous wife Maxima were welcomed in the Dutch city of Dordrecht today.
The visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
16-year-old was high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - when the abuse occurred.
Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater when RSPCA inspectors found her in such a sorry state that she had to be put to sleep.
Defendant admitted two counts of causing unnecessary suffering and was given nine-month referral order and banned for keeping animals for ten years.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
He was only handed a two-month suspended sentence at Darwin Magistrates Court.
The Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Mayweather is expected to earn an estimated $180million from the fight.
Coca Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red.
Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke.
Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes.
Coca-Cola says the new bottles 'feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed'
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
The former Manchester United boss has made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund.
Fergie revealed that his life hasn’t so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since and the family are now in poverty.
Local media have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as 'trotters'
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary in the New Forest.
Barcelona are five points clear at the top of the La Liga table.
Luis Enrique has urged his players to focus on the Champions League.
Real Madrid host Malaga in the quarter-final on Saturday evening.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for foreign policy.
It includes proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments and tuition fees.
Some of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from £9,000 a year to £6,000.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven children came down with whooping cough.
Mrs Hills wrote that she and her husband stopped vaccinating their children because they didn't trust the health care system.
The Hills' six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years have been ordered to remain in quarantine at their house in Kanata until they stop being contagious.
Antonio Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
But his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy.
Conte reportedly received death threats from Juventus fans after Claudio Marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the Euro 2016 qualifier.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved pig since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together.
Experts fear millions of two-inch-long Asian hornets could be heading to Britain.
The threats pose are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers.
One Asian hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute, while a handful can destroy a hive of 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
In July 2013, Pope Francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the Catholic Church.
Camilla, 26, wore a daring, backless black dress at the Olivier Awards.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier.
The 'pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling all played well.
Jordan Henderson was outstanding, Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is objecting to proposals to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower.
It claims iRobot's machines will interfere with sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life.
The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
Winston Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959.
The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign.
Churchill, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
As she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Rik Sharma sorted the best from the rest during the Champions League clash.
Staffordshire-Boxer cross almost burned down home in Peckham, south-east London.
Owner's son and daughter's boyfriend escaped unharmed with Leo.
Firefighters believe Leo knocked one of the cooker's knobs, turning the rings on.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
The couple bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987.
They spent two years converting it into their dream home but it became a 'living hell'
Vandals smashed windows with stones and pelted their home with eggs.
Mr Kingham said: 'This is misery, absolute misery and nobody wants to do anything'
Nick Abendanon was man of the match in Clermont's 37-5 thrashing of Northampton.
Abendanon won the last of his two caps for England back in 2007.
The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over Charlton.
It was the Lions' first win at The Den since October.
Hooiveld prodded home Magaye Gueye's low drive in the 87th minute.
Gueye had cancelled out Alou Diarra's strike for the Addicks.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
She had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later.
But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright.
The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final in Nyon, Switzerland.
Dasilva hails from Luton and was signed by Chelsea aged 12.
He is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger.
Kate Major Lohan was arrested AGAIN for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report.
Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated.
The argument then turned physical, with Kate reportedly scratching Michael's back.
She was then taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
He picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja.
Mediapro group are behind the project, headed up by friend of Allen, Jaume Roures.
The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, says he may never again see out of one eye.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League second leg.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Bayern are through to the semi-finals of the competition.
L'equipe lead with a 'giant' evening approaching for Monaco.
Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in 2010 brought matters to a head.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found.
He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, the morning after an alleged 'kegger' at the house for the annual Irish holiday.
Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's charity match.
The Chelsea striker picked up an ankle injury against Manchester United.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over United.
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager.
Her husband Paul says she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000.
Legal experts described the case as ‘highly unusual’, but predicted that it could be followed by similar claims as digital documents such as emails and social media posts play an increasingly important
The two images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km)
As the comet gets closer to the sun, its surface gets warmer, causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface, carrying dust particles.
Two minutes later, a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side, hurling dust into space at 26ft (eight metres) per second.
'This was a chance discovery,' said Osiris principal investigator Dr Holger Sierks from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research (MPS) in Germany.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National.
Woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5.
That followed a shockingly bad display of chipping at the Phoenix Open.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He flew a CH-47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the South Vietnamese army, with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the South China Sea.
They were all ultimately saved by the USS Kirk.
This after Nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed.
'It was a happy ending to a shi**y war,' said Kent Chipman, one of
Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open on Wednesday.
The world No 1 beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to progress.
Williams will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers currently sit first in the Premier League with 999 points.
West Ham will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before moving to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
Harry Kane posted a picture to Instagram reminiscing on St George's Day.
Gary Cahill posted a 'Proud to be English' video in association with England Rugby.
'We Will Burn America' includes footage of 9/11 terror attacks and other atrocities.
It also includes news footage of the October 2014 attack on Ottawa's Parliament Hill.
Subtitles claim America 'thinks it's safe' because of its geographical location.
The 11 minute-long video also features the beheading of James Foley.
Also features several mass beheadings and the burning of Jordanian pilot.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson were featured in Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign video.
The couple, who are campaigning Democrats, are planning a summer wedding.
Milrad's voice is heard saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
He said he was overjoyed to be part of the Clinton rollout.
Aston Villa reached the FA Cup final for the first time in 33 years.
They beat Liverpool 3-1 to reach the final at Wembley.
Tim Sherwood's side will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
'I'm not into all this,' a woman named Darlene says of that app.
Meanwhile, another confused woman named Vera calls the app 'Snapchess'
But before the group can start sending pictures, they are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet as they defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash.
The win secured Barnet a return to the Football League following a two-year absence.
Barnet manager Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with cement at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose more ground to their rivals.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence.
The 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting officers.
He visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashed his genitals outside one.
After spending less than five months behind bars, he has been released.
Daniel Steele was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday.
Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
Manchester City have hiked prices of some season tickets by 283 per cent.
Club have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans by hiking prices.
The disabled bays subject to the huge increase are in the same section of the stadium as season tickets that have risen from £870 to £1,700.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise but shot over the bar.
Newcastle United have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
Fans are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs.
The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070, according to the Pew Research Center.
By 2050 in Europe, Muslims will make up one in ten of the overall population.
The region's Christian population will shrink from 553million to 454million.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs'
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
The legal writing professor earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
This is the first time that this side effect has been discovered.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
Williams helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
He sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil over a period of months.
School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Peter Fox, 26, believed to have fled to London after mother and sister were found dead.
Police released CCTV images of him leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm.
He arrived at Euston railway station in the capital at 10.57pm on Thursday.
His mother Bernadette, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
He was jailed for 18 months for the historic sexual abuse of two girls.
The abuse began in 1951 at the Haut de la Garenne children's home.
Pinsard first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
Rose applied to seven of the eight Ivy League schools and, on March 31, the schools posted their decisions online.
Man in his 70s barricaded himself into his home after shooting daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night.
After a night of failed negotiations, the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.
The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at Hospital Clinico in Zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun.
A new study reveals that 1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending.
One in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month.
Nico Rosberg is wary of Ferrari's pace ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs.
But the 29-year-old admits he's wary of the threat rivals pose.
Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.
She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
Alissa chose Colbie Caillat's Try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year.
The impressive little girl performs a series of leg stretches and even a cartwheel before she removed her prosthetic limb.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the Championship.
But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink.
Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government would do 'everything in their power' to bring the students home.
But he said he could not promise they would find them.
The announcement came as a march was held in Abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in Chibok.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
Ms Burleigh contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon.
Together the group amassed evidence stopping blood flow so early could be harmful.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in mid-March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver in his hotel room.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say Durst got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews refused to name the leader of Islamic State.
He was speaking on ABC's 7.30 following the Federal Government's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
Mr Andrews said Australian troops will not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle.
This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade when troops conducted sweeping patrols across southern Iraq.
Celtic moved eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance against St Mirren.
Deila also hit out at the state of the Paisley surface in Scotland.
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses.
Dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus Serpula lacrymans that digests the parts of the wood which give it strength.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly.
It also revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use.
That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
Study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent.
Comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
The study, by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal to simulate how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Baby was found dead at a home in Perry Barr, Birmingham yesterday.
Police were called to the home at 1am because of breathing difficulties.
The child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Man, 25, and woman, 22, have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked the female housemate.
The pair were last seen kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
But the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex.
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics.
The 26-year-old was released from Lincoln Prison in August 2014.
He spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from the prison.
Staff told him he was free to go and he posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver.
It was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made.
The reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Selfish will have '115 cleavage shots, 23 butt shots, 10 nude selfies and 10 selfies'
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals.
They even leave it on when they are out to keep them company.
Pets’ favourite show is TV presenter Paul O’Grady’s For The Love Of Dogs.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said in the statement.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, of Prestwich, Greater Manchester, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man.
She and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone.
Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and two adult passengers escaped unharmed after the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west.
The men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward.
Police are using social media to implore drivers to slow down and drive carefully over the Easter holiday break.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
He and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
The donations have more than doubled since yesterday with over $47,000 being donated to GoFundMe.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds.
Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi.
She said he stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen.
Tribunal at City Exchange in Leeds found both guilty of sex discrimination by way of harassment but cleared them of indirect sex discrimination.
Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with the disease.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are, but a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go.
In future, doctors may be able to find these key cells in individual patients and then be given drugs to wipe them out, with each patient
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade.
She was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
In
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years, but in between Anzac Days his work has a superstar flavour.
When Crowe attended the Istanbul premiere of his latest film, The Water Diviner, in 2014, Mr Guven was on personal protection duty.
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are expected to attend the Anazc Commemorative site at Gallipoli
Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and earrings.
But the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman.
The comical image emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Mugabe arrived into Pretoria, South Africa today for a three-day state visit.
Attorney General Eric Holder bid farewell to the Justice Department on Friday, outlining what he said were his major accomplishments.
Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.
The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt, as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships.
The game could have cost as much as £20,000, but the BBC insist it was made in-house.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly.
He said that when he goes into ‘black parts’ of London he gets a warm reception.
Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ‘no evidence whatsoever’
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
'I know what these woman go through on a daily basis; everyday it's a struggle living with CF. And, to the uninformed, it is the invisible fatal disease,'
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again.
The SES is particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region, which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
They are all reported to be in a stable condition.
Raheem Sterling has had a turbulent few weeks at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old is currently on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Anfield.
Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign Sterling this summer.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with app Handy to offer cat fostering service.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control.
Mesut Ozil missed Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle United.
Arsene Wenger insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
The Arsenal boss said Ozil went out for 30 minutes for a friend's birthday.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party back in 2008.
The Briton said he wanted to introduce himself to Hollywood actor Will Smith.
Clinton was in office as the 42nd president of the United States.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the Masters this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Compton's wife, Barbara, and parents Peter and Eli won't be tuning in this year.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield.
Milner's current deal expires in June and his future has been clouded in uncertainty since contract negotiations reached deadlock in December.
Liverpool began their pursuit of Milner almost 12 months ago.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
Father-of-six needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body.
Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home to see his children.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time, but his shot was saved.
Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the competition.
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody.
Banda, a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue, has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story.
Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse.
He discovered his passion for the model when he got a call from his great uncle, John Brazil, asking him to accompany him on the London to Brighton commercial run - an event for historic commercial vehicles.
The agricultural engineer started his own business in 1984 but when the work dried up a few years later, his team turned their attention to Model Ts.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Man United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role against Chelsea.
Matt Phillips opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the seventh minute.
Christian Benteke equalised for QPR just after the hour mark.
Charlie Austin scored his first ever Premier League goal for the visitors.
Tim Sherwood threw down his gilet in celebration at the sight of the goal.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches.
Photograher Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former England team-mate and fellow 2009 Ashes-winner Cook.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Oscar was substituted at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he is not struggling.
Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite their decline.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations.
The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies.
Gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained, he or she can 'explain that you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation'
Critics of the booklet claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
Peter Alliss said gender equality laws have 'b*****ed up the game'
Veteran broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
Alliss said the Ladies Golf Union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway for £65,000 in 1997.
The couple have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands renovating the castle.
It is now on the market for offers over £695,000 even though the couple will lose a six-figure sum.
Despite that, Janet, 60, and John, 64, insist the project was a 'labour of love'
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
The Gunners have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to a relatively injury-free squad.
Brazilian website claims to have new Chelsea kit for sale on its website.
The kit has the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front.
But it does not have the Adidas emblem, the club's kit manufacturer.
Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
Prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
The 12-cabin-high structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
It was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Anfield.
Liverpool are entitled to think it is equally flattering for a club of its stature to offer a salary worth more than £5million annually.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles.
The offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride.
It raised £1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity Julia's House.
Charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma.
Falcao takes a 2-1 lead in the video before Aguero scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
Manuel Pellegrini's side travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place after defeat to Crystal Palace.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City.
Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
The Home Secretary launched a fresh probe into the disaster the same year.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed.
Coroner David Hinchliff said the family had waited a 'long, long time' for this day.
Mr Shepherd booked the £2,000 holiday to the Greek island with Thomas Cook.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, defended her family foundation on Thursday.
'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair.
The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
That hasn't sat well with Republicans vying for their party's presidential nomination.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it's arms outstretched.
Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp.
Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' James Tingley of Michigan 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet'
Wilson continued by saying he thinks locking him up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison 'is worth every penny'
Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
His crimes span a period of 50 years.
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
Families returning from Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected.
EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system.
Liverpool host Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
Obi Okeke, owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, spoke about the phone call.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Nigella Lawson will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will mark the celebrity chef's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the subsequent court case.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory.
Griffo, 42, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
She teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around Italy and is also the editor and founder of the photo community www.maxartis.i.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20pm on Saturday.
The cosmetic artist, from New Zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
Ryan Giggs has been Louis van Gaal's assistant since last summer.
The Welshman has been in temporary charge of the 20-time English champions.
Van Gaal has previously likened Giggs to his own former assistant Jose Mourinho.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew was wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy.
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks.
The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers.
However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev's mother, Zubeidat Tsranaev, who ranted in the
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
But marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered remains to be seen
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect.
Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
Sentenced to 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars.
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
It was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, but was torched shortly after.
Pictures were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it.
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform.
The Year 9 student never made it to class and her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake.
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Ben Flower returned from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
She endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz.
Volunteers are now hoping to take the vessel back to Dunkir to celebrate its amazing achievement.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, allegedly 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of Ramiro James Villegas, 22.
Villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high-speed chase on November 13.
Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
State police troopers went to the home after the couple's son reported that his father was missing.
The younger Mess said that his dad had failed to show up to work on Monday morning and had not been seen since 8pm on Sunday.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Tiger Woods gave Yao Ming a golfing lesson at Nike headquarters in Shanghai.
Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far.
The 30-year-old will be up against Rayo striker Alberto Bueno.
Meanwhile in Catalonia, Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona's clash against Almeria.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Joe Hart admitted it was one of his 'worst days in a Man City shirt'
City are four points behind leaders United and 12 behind leaders Chelsea.
Hart has even given up on knocking Arsenal out of second place.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34.
They said his plastic crate was damaged so badly that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and third-party specialists to find the cat.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
Apple claims its watch, which has an Ion-X glass display, is 'protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that's especially resistant to scratches and impact'
But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
The watch has 'high performance' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case, that's 60 per cent stronger than standard aluminium, but is just as light.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
Was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
She starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play'
But as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears.
At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The Met Office said 72mph winds were recorded in the area on Monday and 61mph gusts on Tuesday.
The 44-year-old from Oldham had just returned from a holiday in Algeria.
The Oldham man complained that the weather was 'too hot'
Great Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time.
There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment.
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 in the second round of the Betfred World Championship.
The 2010 champion has revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game's all-time greats.
Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential.
Frank Knight has been sued by the Oyston family for alleged defamatory comments made on his Facebook page.
Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
A fellow Blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website 'go fund me' which has attracted interest across Britain.
Organiser Joe Atherton will reach his £20,000 target in the coming days.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season.
The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in May 2013.
United currently sit third in the Premier League table - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Lord Tebbit said David Cameron has never had a proper job before entering politics.
The former Tory party chairman said the PM had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television.
He also accused Mr Cameron of playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government.
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in La Liga on Saturday.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal.
The Spanish striker headed a corner over his own line.
Antoine Griezmann scored twice for Diego Simeone's side.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
The 36-year-old has been suspended, benched or out of the squad altogether.
Ferdinand has won 81 caps for England and six Premier League titles.
QPR sit two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
A nine-year-old boy has died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash that also killed his eight year-old sister.
Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday.
They were travelling with their mother, grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12, when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred.
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
Mr Harpin founded maintenance firm HomeServe which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'
Firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station.
The Filipino star uprooted on Monday as he and his team took a 270-mile drive on board his own bus.
Mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club, which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist Church.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with the threat of Marouane Fellaini.
The 20-year-old man-marked the Belgian superbly during the game.
Mourinho said he asked the young Frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10' clash.
Chelsea host QPR in the west London derby at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Ramires and Nemanja Matic are set to feature in the back four.
Cesc Fabregas is likely to play in the 'No10' position behind Didier Drogba up front.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Steven Gerrard has had upon him since arriving at Liverpool in 2008.
Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year.
The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Under Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents.
Dead fish continue to wash up on banks of Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio.
The lake is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games.
Officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused lake temperature to plummet.
Previous fish die-offs blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen levels.
The 28-year-old said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food.
Bolt admitted that he 'hates' KFC and has to eat a 'lot more vegetables'
The Jamaican sprinter also admitted eating a McDonald's wrap on the morning of the race.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window in latest wave of anti-immigrant protests.
Six people are believed to have been killed in the protests which started in Durban and spread to Johannesburg.
Around 200 protesters, shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country, pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks.
South African police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse crowds.
Anderson Silva has expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games.
Local taekwondo officials said they like the idea of having the MMA fighter on the team.
Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9 and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
Manny Pacquiao had just said'very good' in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going.
At first, the camp blamed the log-jam of callers for overloading the system.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies chased him after he fled during a sting operation.
They tackled him to the ground and ordered him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out his weapon.
After firing one round into Harris, he drops his gun from recoil.
Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
Farhina Touseef is the subject of Channel 4's Unreported World.
She is risking her life by leading a team of medics through Taliban strongholds.
The Taliban is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
In Pakistan, polio has been on the rise since the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon'
Juan Mata reveals Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted lid on England captain's bullish attitude.
Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania.
Three men arrested on suspicion of murder of Claudia Lawrence released on bail.
The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance.
Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Detectives are currently looking for evidence which could lead to the discovery of her body.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria, which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
David Cameron bore a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl in apparent boredom.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured with kids.
The Labour leader has also had his fair share of awkward moments.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
Baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
Said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
Added: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. It would pave it'
Preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions.
They will also be subjected to inspections. If they are found to be in violation of the terms, the sanctions will be put back in place.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
Ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
The Aviva Premiership champions lost 46-6 at Twickenham last season.
Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes.
These are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km)
The exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, with the oldest saying the abuse began when he was part of the Big Brothers organization.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists.
The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video.
Knight, a former LAPD officer, went after Mike, telling him, 'If you touch me again, I'll drop your a**'
He was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that authorities had failed to protect them.
The alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
Wakē costs $250 (£167) to pre-order on Kickstarter
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions.
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway.
The break also affected things at street level, where seas of city water threatened businesses and snarled city traffic.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored twice in the 43rd minute to put the Red Devils ahead.
Louis van Gaal revealed he kissed Herrera after the interval.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems.
In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
Detective Inspector Bernie Rankin, head of Victoria Police's transport investigations unit, said these flippant drivers were treating other motorists like road
Manchester United have offered goalkeeper David de Gea £200,000-a-week.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain.
De Gea's contract runs out at Old Trafford next summer.
Steve Webb said over-55s 'don't have to rush this' and insisted there was 'a case for waiting and seeing'
He said April 6 was the'starting gun' and not a 'deadline'
Those who withdraw pension in one go face hefty bills if pushed into higher tax bracket.
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side found in skip outside St James' Park.
Framed squad photographs of the club were found alongside grass cuttings, cardboard boxes and bin bags.
Pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images.
The club said the images were 'old and not being used anymore'
Unnamed man was gored in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca, during the annual fiesta.
He was seen running away from the angry animal before it caught him with one of its horns, sending him sprawling to the floor.
Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him square between the legs as he tried to scramble away.
Two rare paintings used to plan filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, went for £10,000.
It is thought that after filming was over the studio - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer - sold off the paintings.
Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
Danny Welbeck was at the Manchester Arena to watch Nicki Minaj perform.
Liverpool beat the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
All passengers on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community.
Other features include full-length mirrors in the bathroom, and special mood lighting.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Iona's husband George, co-owner of construction company Costello Marine in Greenport, died at the age of 63 a
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla.
Real Madrid are now just two points off in second place.
Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Cesc Fabregas opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 88th minute.
Nemanja Matic doubled Chelsea's lead in the second half.
Joey Barton and Charlie Austin scored for QPR.
Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny Austin.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, said he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators.
But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal.
It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
Sandstorm swept over city of Soligorsk, Belarus, on Monday afternoon.
Temperatures were so high, the entire area was plunged into darkness.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob - which is Arabic for an intense dust storm.
Iain Duncan Smith launches scathing attack on Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
Claims Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
Says Labour is 'peddling lies' about the Government's record.
Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
Louise Van Ryn fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed.
Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences.
He is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts.
Van Ryn is undergoing chemical castration treatment while in custody.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals were shocked to learn location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers.
In the opening scene of the pornographic film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to one of the attraction's wooden-panelled train carriages where the pair have sex on the seats.
Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents' home.
After her'release' police accused them of staging the kidnapping – a claim they both strongly denied.
This is the Vallejo Police Department and spokesman
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks, while shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign.
It urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.
Women's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks, not victims.
But supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
Angela Merkel has called for a new European Union system.
She said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers.
Call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis.
Hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks.
He was reportedly alerted to the search by a colleague who showed him the story on Stuff NZ.
Tobias said his brother offered little explanation to his disappearance.
Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and Adam Bogdan, 27, have signed new contracts.
Heskey has contributed just one goal, but has impressed in nine Championship starts.
Bogdan has also been rewarded with a two-week wages for a late drinking session at a hotel last week.
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't.
The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated.
Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest.
Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
Circumcision rates have fallen in the U.S., but a majority of boys still undergo
Stephen James Hendry, 24, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt.
This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Kevin Blandford's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet.
Each one shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife.
The 33-year-old, from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace.
His wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to accompany him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
The dog has the hair of an English Bulldog, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter.
The dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
More than a third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat, while a similar proportion favoured soft, floppy ears.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.
The frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days.
Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion.
Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the one-eyed extremist.
He has been actively involved in 'jihadi activities', dispelling speculation he died long ago.
The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf.
But the pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31.
As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m)
Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead early in the second half.
Graham Dorrans made amends with a late penalty.
Norwich are now one step closer to the Premier League.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
It bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
The raven-haired teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making public safety announcement in order to avoid jail.
He was arrested for putting homemade explosives into a tractor and shooting them.
The playboy gun-obsessive was forced into speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting.
Bilzerian says: 'As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules'
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest on Sunday.
Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home.
Also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria.
Arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, in Paris.
She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a suburb of Villejuif.
Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Aaron Lennon.
Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Goodison Park.
Martinez said discussions about Lennon's future will come at the end of the season.
Reports have linked Lennon with a swap deal with Kevin Mirallas.
Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, was 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago.
Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009.
She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition.
Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
Pope Francis is presiding over a torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening.
He is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom.
Nick Cousins, 57, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15.
Police investigating whether her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
Chelsea edged closer to the title with a 'lucky' win over Queens Park Rangers.
The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Robbie Keane's car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the Culture Club Facebook page.
The 34-year-old striker's enthusiasm can't be faulted but his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired.
Karma Chameleon was the second Culture Club song to go to No 1 in the UK.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night in the Scottish Premiership.
Gary Teale hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of the pitch.
Deila branded most surfaces in the league 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles.
But Teale insists the Norwegian's criticism was unjustified and unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman Tommy Docherty.
New pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys.
It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports.
Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix.
At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
But a potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking havoc on its young population.
Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country, and what stays behind is ruining the lives of South Africa's drug-addled teens.
Farmers in Swaziland developed the potent strain through cross-pollination, and can now yield double the crop they once could annually.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait, headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset, said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
He warned interference could end up hindering their natural development.
Mr Tait said parents naturally wanted the very best for their children.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a North American zoo.
The bear sits partially submerged in the water and appears to play with him.
At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.
For days on end, two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the WI’s centenary celebrations at the venue in June.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium.
Wayne Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday after their flight was delayed.
Rooney said he and his team-mates were upset by their first half performance.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
He was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment.
Jamelia, 34, aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She said that obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their size.
Now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their own views.
Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes that Jamelia’s message to women is incredibly disturbing.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks.
Experts said a badly hung parliament, with neither party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
The posts read: 'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off'
The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue, including those who did not agree.
It is believed Chan and Sukumaran will be executed in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Australian time.
Manchester City are planning to table a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
The reigning Premier League champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target this summer as they look to increase their homegrown quota.
City believe they are leading the race to land Sterling this summer.
Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night.
Lyon beat Saint-Etienne 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday night.
Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off.
Max Gradel converted from the spot to level matters.
Lille kept fourth place in the table with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river, which separates it from Andrea.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
They fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.
The Think Progress reporter has revealed his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
He only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get those.
'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Khamenei tweeted his dismissal of what the White House claimed Tehran had agreed to.
The U.S. State Department repeated its position that sanctions against Iran would be removed gradually.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January.
The suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors.
Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty and the preliminary hearing will resume on Monday.
Dr Joe Hanson, a science writer and biologist based in Austin, Texas, has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
He revealed that a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million of oxygen and 85 million of carbon.
By comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
The average human body has the equivalent of 16kg (35lbs) of carbon in it and enough oxygen to fill a volume equivalent to 6 elephants.
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a forgiving plea deal that gets her out of jail time.
The married mother-of-three was arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them.
Dufrene and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in the same parish in September.
They allegedly had a threesome at Respess' home in Kenner, Louisiana.
As part of her plea deal, Duf
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine from a lorry driver.
She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed.
Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital.
But Charlotte died from the effects of the drug, an inquest heard.
Pauline Bruce and her son John were terrorised by neighbour for seven years.
Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
The couple moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire, following Tony's retirement in 2002.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall.
Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
It would have been Steven Gerrard's final game in a Liverpool shirt.
Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon.
Nicky Law and Haris Vuckic scored the goals for the home side.
Stuart McCall made three changes to his side after QPR defeat.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
Robin Weld of Sacramento recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a toilet-sink.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was killed in New York City gas explosion.
He was on second date at sushi restaurant in East Village when he was killed.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Father, Nixon, said: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken'
He added: 'My wife is broken. It hurts... It's heartbreaking for everybody'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger.
Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind off Chris Jordan.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
Debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street.
Monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget.
David's Bridal is a hugely popular American bridal boutique that opened its doors in Westfield last year.
Gareth Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for Wales this season.
The Welshman returned from international duty with Germany.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have won just one of their last five games in all competitions.
Real Madrid take on 19th-placed Granada at the Nou Camp on Sunday.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with the disease cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling with his illness and has since turned professional.
Charles has earned four caps for Australia and is in with an outside chance of making Michael Chieka's World Cup squad.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says his father's killer should never have been on a police force.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting death of Eric Harris.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Harris as he lay on the ground.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world's creatures.
Oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide, but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry.
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame.
And the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
It was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction, which dealt
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury.
The 20-year-old had collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata on Friday.
Former India captain Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve Leicester's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday.
Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California.
It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0.
Ozil is now setting his sights on the Premier League clash with Liverpool.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Normally, Apple launches generate long lines outside stores.
But analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones"'
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned female students from running.
The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is investigating the allegations.
Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was telling students at his school that Islamic State was not 'created' by Muslims, but rather a plot against them by the West.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Radwansa has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
WA Police Union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation, with president George Tilbury telling The West Australian officers had done nothing wrong.
Sanjay Chaddah claimed Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah, 43, was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
Supporters group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The group are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend.
Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month.
Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - is dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams.
Bristolian Trump enjoyed a century break in frame six to beat Peter Ebdon.
Shaun Murphy came from 3-2 down to see off Anthony McGill 5-4.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
The Dutchman won the league and cup double in his first season in charge.
Ribery claims Van Gaal lost the players' trust while he was at the club.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Indian Creek Island Road in Miami boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, includes Colombian Jaime Galinski.
The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
According to his attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Massimo Cellino was banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Cellino has been reported in Italy to be lined up to become sporting director at Serie A club Palermo.
Leeds assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended by the club last week.
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan.
The apartment features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
One of the apartment's longtime residents, Naomi Guffman, recently said 'I have a poltergeist!'
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history.
The gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
The Spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel on Monday, April 13.
The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Skydiving instructor Mike Robinson was one person who found himself in a sticky situation – after a plane collided with the aircraft he was in.
Sally White rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has spoken out in support of assisted dying.
The veteran entertainer said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than letting someone die.
Sir Bruce's first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home in 2008.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Barney Gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in county history in 2011.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
He did not bat or keep wicket, instead sending down 3.3 overs for 29 runs.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
Latest blow to boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced he was quitting the band.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on United.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour.
The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph.
Tony McCoy is bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement.
The 40-year-old from County Antrim has promised to call it quits there.
McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National and Aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area.
Within two days the page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion.
The couple still haven't been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread.
In June, it's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
The falsely labelled bread has generated an income of around $300 million over three years.
Joe Anderson claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School.
56-year-old was a senior learning mentor at the Merseyside school from 2001.
When it became an academy in 2011, it ceased paying Mr Anderson.
Mr Anderson, who is paid an £80,000 salary, tried to sue the school for discrimination.
Claimed he was being punished for a 'philosophical belief' in public service.
He rejected an employment tribunal ruling and took his case to appeal.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder.
He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Australian Medical Association WA president Michael Gannon said the latest revelations will further damage the hospitals public image.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's match with St Mirren.
The Scotland striker was on the bench during the opening 10 minutes.
His manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance was blocked.
Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina in the first-half.
Group of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a California gas station early on Saturday morning and set it on fire.
The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday.
Group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
The 29-year-old was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup was filmed lifting up the toilet seat.
He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover.
Once he's finished, he hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off by thunderstorms.
A ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the plane's nose.
It travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail.
The aircraft landed safely in Aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries.
Andreas Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps changing the aircraft's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot.
German prosecutors believe Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck.
Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy.
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol.
The 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family'
He would use his restaurant as a 'focal point' for his interest in teenage girls.
He was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the Old Bailey in five hours.
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour.
Howie, a joiner, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault, smashed furnishings, and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges.
Because the inn was so isolated Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.
The pair were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle on New Year's Eve last year.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws.
He was swiftly taken into custody and is now under house arrest at their Ruskin, Florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone.
On Monday, he called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across D.C. and his safe landing on the lawn.
Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite
The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water.
Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat on Test Match Special.
Graeme Swann said Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse.
Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Devon Smith became first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer.
The 96-year-old former prisoner of war spent his £50,000 life savings on care.
Now, the council want to move Mr Clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper.
Help for Heroes has already given Mr Clark an emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs, but they are seeking the public's help to secure his future.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Martistee of Bainbridge, Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
Authorities said hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near Spinnaker Beach Club on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes.
Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Jimmy Anderson took 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record.
Anderson overtook Botham as the most prolific bowler in England’s Test history.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin edged Anderson to his great friend Alastair Cook at slip.
Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn his side a deserved draw.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015, which is one more than in the whole of 2014.
City profited from a Liverpool collapse to claim the Premier League title last season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record on June 7.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race on Sunday.
The 35-year-old will hope to beat the record of Australian Rohan Dennis.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies.
Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol.
Police found her body parts at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police.
Blunder happened at pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia.
Woman was ordered to pay more three quadrillion pounds in pension contributions.
£3.35 billion is enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
In most English speaking countries, including the UK, the American system is accepted.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities.
Residents hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools, save the local bus run and keep businesses open.
Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rent-a-farmhouse initiative brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange.
The town's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
She says it was punishing growing up in the port town of Sasebo near Nagasaki.
Her African-American father met her Japanese mother in the US as a teenager.
The beauty queen was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese.
But she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up, she says.
Ariana says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent'
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident.
Reynolds, who is married to actress Blake Lively became the father of a baby girl, James, in December.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand.
The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin gave the Gunners the lead with a superb left-foot curling effort.
Olivier Giroud sealed the win with a stunning fourth in stoppage time.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago.
The Russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night in Springdale, Pennsylvania.
Harvard drove 11 miles and seven towns with Sutton on the hood of his 2002 Ford Explorer.
The two men started arguing over the fact that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home, Harvard claims.
Sutton held onto the hood as Harvard drove through Harmar Township, Springdale Township, Frazier Township, East Deer Township, Tarentum Borough, Fawn Township and Harrison Township.
Australian diet guru Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious and five worst breads Australian consumers can buy.
Baker's Delight Cape Seed was given the nod by the nutritionist, as was Burgen's Soy Lin.
This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of cutting out one food group from your daily diet.
Ronaldo Brown has joined Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on Friday morning.
She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene.
The 58-year-old volunteer was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot.
The 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
Ms McKenzie organised a payment plan with ‘The Bridal Centre’
She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations.
She was one of 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with their
Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for refuelling.
Police were first called when some passengers 'kicked off', according to one witness.
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Victory will ensure Gunners claim longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.
Arsenal hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002.
Manchester City sit second on the list, having put together a 12-game winning run under Sir Alex Ferguson between March and August 2000.
Father reveals his daughter became hooked on drugs after buying them in the playground.
He has now written an open letter to South Gloucestershire council.
The father, only known as John, has called for action to combat a'serious drug problem'
He said he had initially dismissed changes in his daughter's behaviour as 'teenage moodiness'
Robbie Williams has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion.
The 41-year-old singer angered the veteran Led Zeppelin rocker with an earlier proposal.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
He bought the property for £17.5million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool.
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in NSW on Friday night, which they believe to be the 26-year-old.
Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Ms Scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder.
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Tottenham on Sunday.
Supporters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday.
Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a target for Liverpool.
The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco and Sevilla.
He has also impressed at the FIFA Under 20 World Cup with France.
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
They received a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards.
He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
Beer expert Peter Nixon, drinks expert at Dan Murphy's, has shared his top wine pairings, from budget options to mid-range and high-end.
The spice component of cinnamon and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic Australian Rutherglen Liquer Muscat.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
The West Ham manager believes his squad can't cope with the rigours of the Premier League.
Allardyce wants to oversee the development of a squad lacking in top-flight experience.
Carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia.
Passer-by whipped out his gun and stopped the thief in the shoulder.
Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for saving the woman's life.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
27-year-old had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts.
At just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight.
Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Harry Redknapp has turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
The 68-year-old resigned as QPR manager with immediate effect in February.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Minnesota fourth-grader Barway Edwin Collins.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, who has said he is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but Revering said authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County.
He was released the day of his arrest.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
Diego Simeone admits his surprise at the lack of English clubs in Europe.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Simeone believes Spain is still home to the two best teams.
La Liga leaders Barcelona are on the verge of reaching the semi-finals.
Real have home advantage against Atletico following a 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight wants to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years since he last fought in the UK.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House.
It has been replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'
But heritage experts branded the move'misguided'
A woman boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, on Saturday.
She was'shocked' that the driver continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus.
The driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper, believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway.
He could face possible termination or retraining depending on his work history.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday.
16-year-old was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track.
Teenager's father Michael has won the Formula 1 championship seven times.
Schumacher's father is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident.
Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won Extreme Huntress in 2010.
She regularly posts pictures of her kills on her Twitter feed.
Gervais tweeted: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?'
Mend said to have boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' at election.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
Chief executive Sufyan Ismail said to be in talks with Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
Sydney-sider Steve York has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings.
There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using HomeCamp and that number continues to grow.
Chris Smalling joined the social networking site on Friday.
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Red Devils are four points behind leaders Arsenal in the Premier League.
Adnan Januzaj has also joined the site just days before the clash.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money'
He has posted pictures of himself counting money and of his expensive timepiece.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
One in six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim.
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
A separate study has added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near North America, Antarctica and NZ are most likely to die out.
Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions, which are published in the journal, Science.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon after she drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound stretch.
Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday.
The midfielder also set the record for most appearances in the knockout phase.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total.
Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi if he plays against Atletico.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 in their Premier League clash on Sunday.
John Terry scored the only goal of the game after a scramble in the box.
Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side as they moved 13 points clear.
Chelsea face Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunday afternoon.
'John' posted advert in window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It says: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality'
The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Billie Jean King is co-chairing the Lesbians4Hillary campaign.
She said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community'
The Twitter handle for the new group is @lezs4hillary.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
He said: 'When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall, is that right?'
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old club on Friday.
The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was even named national champion for his age group before football took precedence at 15.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes.
Princess Beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
Nine months on, the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events.
While kangaroos are known to grow as big as 1.8 metres tall, Ms Wills said her family are enjoying their time with Crash while he is small.
Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Lewis Hamilton.
Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race.
The Briton is separated from the Briton by 17 points.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit.
Judge David Turner branded Hagon's driving'madness'
He accused him of changing Miss McIntyre's life for the worse for ever.
Hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday.
He was flanked by his lawyer and family members and took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4.
Realtors have priced this single-story property at a cool $2.5 million.
The 1904 Victorian build will be sold at a live auction by Tim Hawko of Zephyr Real Estate.
Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals for Celtic this season.
Griffiths says he has 'knuckled down' to prove Ronny Deila wrong.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
Now that Graham's on board, the defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.
'Just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way,' Bennett said.
Gary Hooper scored a stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion.
Former Celtic striker's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the Canaries bench in contrast to the dejection of his one-time Parkhead boss Neil Lennon.
Norwich remain second in the Championship after drawing 1-1 with Bolton at the Macron Stadium.
Ivan Cameron was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder.
It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits.
He died aged six in 2009.
In an intensely personal interview, he revealed: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'
His comments were echoed by his wife who said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point'
The 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
He was also charged with enter dwelling with intent, contravention of a domestic violence order, driving whilst disqualified, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson.
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown.
John Wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but, in doing so, criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective, and delicious lunches to work.
Cheese, crackers and charcuterie is a simple and delicious lunch which can be easily assembled in the office.
More complicated options include steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches.
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil Van Dijk opened the scoring with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute.
Inverness were reduced to 10 men after Marley Watkins was clipped by Craig Gordon.
Caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland, Ohio, was closed down in 1984 after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Photographer Seph Lawless, 37, who took these incredible pictures, said: 'This theater has gone down in folklore in my hometown'
Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 14th minute.
Sergio Aguero doubled the lead in the 88th minute, tapping David Silva's cross into the empty net.
Manchester City equalised in the 83rd minute through Juan Mata.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said the statement.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish there.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology.
The rehabilitation program was founded in 1966 and is based on the teachings of Scientology's founder L. Ron Hubbard.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to former club Barcelona.
The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago.
Bellerin has impressed Arsene Wenger with his rapid rise this season.
Nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland.
The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast.
Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's memorial.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of open-mouthed mourners.
Some mourners appeared more interested in filming the sexy dancers than remembering their departed friend.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges, officers have decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Jack Grealish made his first start for Aston Villa against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph’s winner.
Grealish was noticeable for having more kicks in training than on the pitch.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The Briton was unable to maintain his lead in the Paris-Roubaix.
John Degenkolb won the race in two laps of the Roubaix Velodrome.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back has failed to make an impact.
Eckersley joined MLS side Toronto FC on loan last season.
The 26-year-old is now a free agent after leaving Red Bull Arena.
Several properties were littered with debris over the town of West Pittston.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane.
The bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania.
Has a BA degree in creative writing and classics.
Now works as a life coach and writer for the Huffington Post.
Claims she is treated like a celebrity in her native country.
QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Saturday.
Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist remarks.
Chris Ramsey believes the issue has been dealt with.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning.
Eldemire had called police the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived, but after speaking with him, she sent the officers away, police said.
The next morning, her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police, who found the bodies and one gun inside the room
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
However a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
The 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
The ship is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer.
Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat; his wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister.
Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands.
The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He allegedly entered the building at 8am on Monday carrying a long-barreled gun and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane.
It is not known whether Stancill and Lane are connected or related.
Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye.
Manchester United host Manchester City in Sunday's derby.
Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals.
The 29-year-old knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
David Alaba has been ruled out for seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi.
Khan has been close to fighting Floyd Mayweather for two years.
Pacquiao is preparing to face Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Click here for more boxing news.
Andrew Chan, then 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were arrested in 2005.
They were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia.
Both men were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast, scales and plastic wrap.
Chan was intercepted at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Lawrence and Stephens.
The latter were found at the Melasti Beach Bungalows hotel on Kuta Beach with Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen, Si Yi Chen and Renae Lawrence.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy, now eight weeks old, has Anophthalmia, which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the condition have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
Ms Davis said: 'We want to give Daisy as normal a life as possible'
Study looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI)
They are the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant.
But 38 per cent did not meet criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either.
Prescriptions for SSRIs have more than trebled since 1998 in the world's richest countries.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors.
But only two agreed to deals.
In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
They'll also serve five years on probation.
Despite their lawyers
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $90,000 for the family.
Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year fail the English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Floyd Mayweather added a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his sports car collection.
The 38-year-old boxer takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight.
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one.
Toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for City.
The Ivorian has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
He has been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt said he felt 'let down' by the American sprinter and is not looking forward to competing against him.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company.
Microsoft has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Various app stores merged into one platform, called the One Store.
Return of the Start Menu, which had been removed from Windows 8.
Brent Council said it couldn't afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London.
This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow him to stay in his home and pay towards the cost of a carer.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000, despite setting an initial target of £5,000 four days ago.
Kevin Coulton put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
The researchers suspect that male oviraptorosaurs shook their tail feathers in intricate displays to woo potential mates, akin the behaviour of modern-day peacocks.
Male and female peacocks became more alert and moved around when the low noises were played back to them by researchers, with males shrieking
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace.
The couple's second child is due on Saturday and will be at Lindo Wing.
Prince Harry will return to the UK this weekend to watch the London Marathon.
He will also be able to meet his new niece or nephew.
Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC.
The 53-year-old was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank’s Swiss division.
Sandstorm swept across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.
It reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days.
The sandstorm caused traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it has been found.
It also becomes unreliable when left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report.
The findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the German-made firearm, which is used by law enforcement officers across the UK.
Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28.
Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Richards was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south April 11.
Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes during the battle for North Africa.
The goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Six years later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series.
But all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
The Duchess of Cambridge's sister said she ate whale at the Juvet Landscape Hotel in north-west Norway.
The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide.
She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an 'unimaginably cruel' trade.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
State-run website says he greeted Venezuelans visiting Havana.
Four images show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
Cuban media said that Castro was 'full of vitality' and shook hands 'for hours'
He was last seen in public at inauguration of artist's studio in January 2014.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Wyee Road was closed for seven hours while Crash Investigation Unit police examined the scene.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
The topic of their argument is not yet known.
Keltsie was found in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season.
But he wasn't rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team.
Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer.
Denayer made his debut for Belgium against Israel.
Lazio will face Empoli in the Coppa Italia final on June 7.
Senad Lulic scored the winner in Lazio's 1-0 win over Napoli.
The Serie A side will try to win for the eighth consecutive game this weekend.
Juventus go into Saturday's game at bottom-side Parma.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
It will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan.
The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other.
Malik is the son of the Sultan of Brunei, one of the world's richest men
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Red Devils' website claimed the city was turned red once more.
But Sportsmail's verdict on the issue is neither red or blue.
Manuel Pellegrini and his players began this season with aspirations of defending their Premier League title and making an impact on the Champions League.
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy against Seattle Sounders.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer.
The video was recorded in Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year.
It shows each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.
'It's like the last piece of prohibition,' says Robert, 73, who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before performing criminal justice training for another decade.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after anonymous tip.
Police received anonymous tip regarding welfare of 17-month-old son and two girls.
When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last December, they discovered youngsters locked in'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate', which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through.
Suggs and Kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect on Monday.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference.
The NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred in the West Village, after footage captured by a passenger was posted online.
Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use the word Genocide.
The word literally means 'killing a tribe' from the Greek 'genos' meaning 'race' or 'kind'
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0.
Terry was racially abused by QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Charlie Austin made himself known to Terry with a robust challenge.
Cesc Fabregas' late equaliser sealed three points for Chelsea.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
BBC chief technology officer Matthew Postgate says corporation needs to remain'relevant' to a new generation of viewers.
He said traditional media groups would have to 'learn lessons' if they want to 'compete with organisations that were born in the digital age'
Netflix and Amazon have increasingly been producing their own programmes in a bid to take on major broadcasters.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos.
It is then followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641.
The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickelson and another mercurial American in Moore.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The cancer had spread to his brain and lungs at the age of 33.
Hartson admitted to having a gambling addiction after beating cancer.
He says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds.
Opening the auction in aid of Chipping Norton's lido, he said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not'
He also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for hosting job when he spotted an opening for the charity auction.
Insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women.
Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system.
He found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, on Wednesday.
He was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, when authorities say he beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV.
Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, is considered armed and dangerous.
A $7,500 reward is being offered for information leading to his capture.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4, when it was published in 1982.
Maciej Rybus has one year left on his current deal with Terek Grozny.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
The 25-year-old has a get-out clause of £3.2million.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
But surgeons operating on the Indiana University student discovered the growth was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Tests revealed the mass was benign and she is expected to make a full recovery in three weeks.
Elena Klimova is a Russian activist for the LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) community who receives a vast volume of hate mail.
She regularly receives obscene rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The 26-year-old managed to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their vile messages along with candid photos of each sender to a Russian website called VKontakte.
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson.
Pamela Anderson and Joe Arpaio joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
Anderson, a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Montenegro is from Queens, New York, and studies at Valencia Community College.
The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl.
Alice Laselles was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
It bore the inscription: 'To my dear Mamma, this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by her affectionate daughter'
Raheem Sterling is at loggerheads with Liverpool over a new deal.
Zinedine Zidane has said Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling.
The Real Madrid boss has also praised Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane.
Sterling has scored six Premier League goals this season.
The 29-year-old actor has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011.
The pair got together in 2011 shortly after she split from Jude Law.
He is set to star in the West End play American Buffalo this year.
Also starring alongside Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman in Weightless.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers.
But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised it was 'bankruptcy'
He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres.
The car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444.
Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.
Since then, paramedics have said the crash would've 'certainly been fatal' if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
The oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater, which can have chemicals, heavy metals, salt and radioactive material.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight of the German Cup.
Pep Guardiola believes Jerome Boateng is one of the top three centre backs in world football.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight player caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, drank 1.92g of caffeine a day, way above recommended limit of 400mg.
She was so dependent on the drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure.
The law student spent a staggering £5,460 every year on the energy drink.
Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams.
Clermont defeated Northampton 37-5 in the European Rugby Champions Cup.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting him to an open training session.
The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc's side lost the first leg 3-1 to Barca in Paris last week.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension.
Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured and David Luiz is also a fitness doubt.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
The Queen, who turns 89 today, was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
But her sense of humour remains undiminished and she still rides regularly.
Darius the rabbit currently holds the record for being the world's biggest rabbit.
But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Toure a five-year contract.
The Ivory Coast midfielder turns 32 next month.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending and credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
Survey by financial guide Money Advice Service found most lie to make sure partner is with them for the right reasons.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik.
The pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows.
The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
Sutcliffe says he knew Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Leila Alavi had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
The 26-year-old had moved to Australia from Iran and was studying at Granville TAFE for her future.
Police allege that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on Ms Alavi.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra.
Nicky Law has scored 12 goals for Rangers this season.
Law's representatives have fielded calls from ten English clubs.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town are also interested.
Leah Williamson took a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend.
Instead of ordering her back to the spot, she awarded a free-kick to Norway.
Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began.
The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station.
The Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
The resort boasts a fine-dining restaurant, and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park.
Couples can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice, and enjoy a classy breakfast.
Proposals announced by Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations.
Aim to rid classrooms of ‘tired phrases’ which some pupils see as outdated.
Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Manchester United are hoping to tie up a move for Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old winger jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach'
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People.
The due date is November first, their wedding anniversary.
Anna Duggar is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, a baby girl due in July.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration.
He will say: 'We will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed'
But his shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
The Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Property prices soared by 10% in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5%.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6% over the next year.
It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
The Filipino icon will be under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Richie Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19.
His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and their daughter Ava.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was later banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA.
Gary Cahill has backed Terry to shrug off a hostile reception.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby drew 4-4 with Huddersfield.
Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul Ince was in the stands.
Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in thrilling game.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 to keep playoff hopes alive.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt.
Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 in final regular season game.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind.
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Cell phone footage recorded by a mom in Jacksonville, Florida, on Tuesday shows a 28-year-old man, Dan Frank, throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle.
When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car.
Further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand gestures at her.
Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
A medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules that won’t burn themselves off.
If you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain, ladies you'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off.
Missie Smile, known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman'
The 'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup.
Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
The 26-year-old scored twice in Chile's 2-0 defeat of England in November 2013.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Rory McIlroy could become sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
McIlroy has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport.
Paul McGinley, Europe's Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire, says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport.
John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play in Blackburn's FA Cup fifth round replay.
The 21-year-old midfielder was on loan at League One Barnsley.
Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use him.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
The 24-year-old has been relegated to the substitutes' bench in recent months.
David Ospina has the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the man who was later taken to hospital.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift.
The incident left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
On Tuesday a King County jury awarded Afoa $40 million because of what the incident has done to his life.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
The iconic children's classic aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch.
Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
The Information Commissioner's Office registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them, the ICO said.
One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road.
Together they read:'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme.
Mayor Enrique Maya said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
The two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
Ava, now six, had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother Kellie Phillips.
They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
The teen gave birth in her mom's bed and did not take the newborn to the hospital.
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Liverpool U12s in the Mediterranean International Cup in Girona.
Carragher flew out to watch James play in the famous youth tournament which features over 200 clubs from 36 countries.
The Reds also play CE Cristinenc before taking on FE ATL Bisbalenc in their Group E games.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his car in a side street on his way to the race.
But when he finished the race he was unable to remember where it was.
He spent hours searching for it, even retracing some of the route.
Mr Matthews eventually gave up and got a train back to his home in the Midlands.
His car has now been found safe and sound in an office car park in Salford.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to an upmarket street on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work.
But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times.
The murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination because the gunman was thought to have used a silencer and it took place away from CCTV cameras.
Facebook CEO and co-founder, Mark Zuckerberg, said virtual reality will play a key role in the future of travel.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Zuckerberg also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed.
For U.S. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open causing cash to spill onto road.
Drivers frantically grabbed notes in between stopped vehicles.
Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
The 58-year-old has told a friend she 'wants to get it over with'
Her friend Andrew Chan is set to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on Indonesia’s ‘Execution Island’, Nusa Kambangan.
Sandiford admitted smuggling cocaine worth £1.6m from Bangkok to Bali in 2012.
She claims she was coerced into the crime by a syndicate that threatened her sons.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony in 1969.
The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and the Free Wales Army (FWA)
Documents show Wilson approved plans to send officers from the Met to Wales to run a secret unit that would spy on extremists.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor.
The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Researchers hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and Marc, 15, drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
The boys had recently moved to Miami to live with their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami.
Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first.
It has been widely reported that Jean had a substance abuse problem, tweeting about 'weed' and'startin off the day wit mah blunt o herb'
Two adjoining mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £13million.
Standing just a few feet apart, the homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom - and both have indoor swimming pools, balconies, lifts to all floors and direct beach access.
The homes are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset.
Prime Minister says Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed'
Says SNP would prop up minority Labour administration in hope of independence.
But Lib Dem Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire'
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is neck and neck.
Connacht lost 14-7 to Gloucester in the Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.
The incident was broadcast live on Sky Sports following the game.
Muliaina has made 11 appearances for Connacht so far this season.
Porto have received £440million from player sales in the last 11 years.
Jose Mourinho's side have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg, who got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war.
Mrs Livergood discovered her mother died when she was three and she was raised by her father, a man who she said was 'great, very funny and outgoing'
The campaign was started by Jaime Singleton, who saw Nadia tied up outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year.
The change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!'
It has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
He will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed.
Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states in a direct challenge to Nato's promise to defend the countries from Soviet-style Russian expansionism.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash with Harry Kane.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out.
Aly Cissokho could return after training again this week.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Hamilton finished ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg at every race so far.
Rosberg said Hamilton was'selfish' following their one-two finish.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists the matter has been laid to rest.
Rita Ora, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals for a range.
Designed a collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself.
Describes Marilyn Monroe as her ultimate postergirl.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday night.
Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox believes the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club.
Michael Thorpe was convicted of illegally showing Premier League games.
He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
Instead he showed Albanian transmissions of matches which he thought was legal.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Retired engineer Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe, including sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares.
Queen Letizia welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to Casa Real.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen.
Letizia last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event in Sacramento.
The event, which did not break the world record, was raising money for victims of human trafficking.
Organisers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies are eight points above the Premier League relegation zone.
Tony Pulis insists his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance.
Today, as he begins a tour of all four nations of the UK, David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from the 'disaster' of a Miliband government.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - this month.
But it is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman.
The majority of the family flew to Turkey on March 27 from Manchester Airport.
They are accused of having plans to try and sneak across the border into Syria.
Waheed did not fly out with his family but joined them three days later on a flight from Birmingham.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Since he released the clip many viewers have criticized him for being too 'prying' and 'invasive'
Russian man filmed surgery on himself at the top of some snow-covered mountains using items from his first aid kit.
He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma.
The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk.
In the original film, which has been edited by MailOnline, the man is seen making a deep incision into his leg with a scalpel, and blood is seen flowing out.
Using his fingers he scoops out the coagulated blood - almost black
The beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple.
There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops.
Xu bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, through a middleman.
Six months after he'married' into the family, Xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all.
Wife, known as Wang, was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant.
Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of eastern China.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
The great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers.
When asked the secret to long life, she said: 'I wonder about that too'
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
It kept her at 33.5 degrees for 72 hours to prevent any brain damage.
Despite her ordeal, Caitlin is now 10 months old and is able to feed and play.
Insta-fame is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading Australian modelling agencies.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
General Manager Paul Thomas says it's all about the elusive 'cool girl' appeal.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
It is thought the cat crawled under the floor boards as the bathroom was being renovated.
But nearly four weeks later, a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises from under the bath.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics.
Some Manchester City fans will now have to pay over £1,700 for their season tickets.
The club say the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium's expansion.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are fourth in the Premier League table.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash early Tuesday.
The 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle.
Henyekanes made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks.
The findings are part of a series of scientific results obtained by scientists analyzing data collected by the Philae lander and its mothership Rosetta.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
Google has stepped in to showcase as much of this history to the public as possible, in a range of ways.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
Executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' in 2011 because it had no black or Asian characters.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the British Championships.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria.
Entitled 'Dealing with sisters and social media', the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies.
Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
It comes after the principal of St Ignatius' College Riverview, Paul Hine, sent a letter last month informing them a former student had made allegations of 'child sexual abuse over 30 years ago'
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Mitchell and his passenger, Rayvorris Altuan Oliver, 27, fled the scene following the crash.
Mrs Davis sent a message to her husband saying that her pregnant stomach was making her too uncomfortable to sleep to which he responded, 'I'll be home soon to rub your feet'
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race.
But barriers came down to signal a train was passing through.
The racers swerved to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to stop more cyclists risking their safety.
Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
But a judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent.
Pictures of Lego models on Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.
Victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘a joke’
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel.
They arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border.
The 66ft deep route was wired with lights and ventilation.
Soldiers had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side also face FC Porto in the Champions League quarter final.
Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government.
The 41-year-old is a close ally of former president Traian Basescu.
She was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister Ion Ariton, who was charged with abuse of power.
Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record.
Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16.
River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose.
Duchess of Cambridge has worn Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS.
The mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours.
Kate is also a huge fan of Anglo-French label Séraphine.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon at the Glen Cove LIRR station outside of New York City.
Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry will appear in ITV comedy show Newzoids.
Dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of Prince Harry.
Show has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image.
Stuart McCall has taken charge of Rangers for the first time since taking over from Kenny McDowall.
McDowall resigned after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
The former Celtic youth coach has taken over a brighter picture following Dave King's boardroom victory.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
But her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the cancer sooner.
The Sydney mother's baby died in utero three days after she was offered
Inter held to goalless draw by Inter in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Juan Jesus opened the scoring for the Nerazzurri after just 11 minutes.
Gary Medel made his first appearance for the club following his move from Cardiff City.
Former Chelsea defender Alex saw his shot blocked by Inter keeper Samir Handanovic.
Tiger Woods showed up to the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Vonn was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton.
Woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support as he has dropped out of the Top 100 ranking.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer but will continue working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground to prepare him for the new season.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she went into labour.
Her partner Jordan Jackson is a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps.
He is due to report back for service tomorrow.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
Giroud became France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Thierry Henry, Emmanuel Petit, Sylvain Wiltord, Robert Pires and Samir Nasri have all won it while in north London.
Henry Henry is the top Frenchman, trailing only Steven Gerrard (on six), Wayne Rooney and Alan Shearer (both five), and sitting in good company with Cristiano Ronaldo, Dennis Bergkamp, Frank Lampard and Paul Scholes.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss.
Feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata, says cook.
Gizzi also recently added a new addition to cat family, Ponzu.
Kimchi is called Kimchi because of her love of Korean food.
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
Delivery driver is then given keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter, Rowyn, in September last year.
Cassie Miller was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over the little girl.
The women helped each other through the tragedy, which occurred on September 16.
They now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in Washington.
Letter was sent to the family of James Moody, 24, who died on board Titanic.
Company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body to England.
They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial.
Mr Moody was on watch when the ship struck iceberg and later helped passengers into the lifeboats while declining space for himself.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Taking to the witness box to give evidence at London's Southwark Crown Court today, Mee firmly denied the allegations.
He branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
Grant Shapps accused of deleting embarrassing references from his own page.
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as ‘Contribsx’, after finding evidence it suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Mr Shapps has denied the allegations claiming they were part of an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday.
Chiles III was suspected of killing Archie Brown Jr, 40, and Rasheed Chiles, 15, on Sunday evening.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van.
Damani's brother, Rasheed, was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident and later died at a hospital.
Police believe Chiles
The seven women and five men who voted to find Hernandez guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
Only one juror, Rosalie Oliver, didn't know of the tight end who had a $40million contract with the local NFL team.
On the other side of the spectrum is juror Kelly Dorsey - a lifelong Patriots fan, who watches the team every Sunday during football season.
Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda.
Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford.
The 30-year-old has started Brazil's last eight matches since missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 World Cup.
David Templeton is full of praise for Stuart McCall's training methods.
The Ibrox winger says McCall has brought a new style of preparation to Rangers.
Templeton says the training ground methods are superior to the previous management's.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
The priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911 but first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow.
Seven costumes from the 1965 classic are going up for auction at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
The costumes are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off.
All seven costumes were either acquired from an auction of outfits from legendary Hollywood costume supplier, Western Costume, held in July 1994, or have been supplied directly by Western Costume.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average British living room.
George Clooney, who recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal on an island in the Thames in Sonning,
Manny Pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2.
The PacMan's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m)
Pacquiao was visited by Sylvester Stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on Saturday.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out.
Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November
The star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
In a lawsuit filed in New Orleans’ District Court last week, Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, uploaded video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car.
The video shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before pulling the tooth clean out.
James had been asking him for days to extract the tooth using his car before he finally relented and said: 'Boys will be boys'
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the party wins the election.
Earlier this year he sold a £20million townhouse to a company owned by himself.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday, it was reported.
Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
She is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack as he was working on a Southampton barge on Dec. 28, 2012.
A photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny.
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Chicago Bulls on Sunday night.
The 11-time All Star scored 20 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists.
James also took credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a three on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell.
She was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse'
A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee.
Ms Flynn was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to return to the Football League.
Martin Allen's side will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
The win ensures Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Kenneth Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.
Stancil initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He denies deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
Pleaded not guilty to 36 charges including three alleged murders.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Shanghai Grand Prix.
The Briton finished 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Valtteri Bottas leads the way until Hamilton posts a 1:36.423.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Costa aggravated the problem in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday.
The Spain striker had hoped to return in time for Arsenal clash.
Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face Crystal Palace on May 3.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed.
He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham in 2012.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday.
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Witnesses said Aydellott in no way provoked the attack but that the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker.
Anderson 'wouldn’t say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
England's best bowler has always been at his best when others have left him alone.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tiplico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
Kahn revealed he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Now Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why Scott ran.
He said: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die'
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal — on a par with the Wimbledon singles champions — will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
He was led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before being executed.
His beheading is believed to have taken place in a van with a meat cleaver.
Photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by the Duke of Westminster.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed there.
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
The Ligue 1 side beat Arsenal 3-1 in the Champions League first leg.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to shake the Monaco coach's hand.
Jardim claimed Wenger was 'disrespectul' in the first leg and he could not resist mentioning their victory over Arsenal ahead of their clash with Juve.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn.
Bikram Choudhury, founder of Bikram yoga, has been accused of sexual advances by six women.
The 69-year-old has strongly denied the accusations in an interview with CNN.
He said his success means he would never need to assault anyone.
Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers.
Since 2013, six women have stepped forward to accuse him of unwanted sexual advances.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida.
Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused.
Jones believes the mishap cost him the fight as he kept thinking, 'Man, my cell phone just fell out in the ring – and on TV!'
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks and boots.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Seven women believed they were in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state.
But they were duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves.
Mayweather eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily.
Pacquiao has met with President Obama, President Clinton and Prince Harry.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves.
Retail therapy reaches a high at lunchtime today, according to research.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
Their plight emerged as South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old.
Steve Heighway described Gerrard as 'outstanding' after seeing him play.
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
He claims to have worked with Stefani before her 2009 U.S tour.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill after the attack.
Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack in March.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police believe the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.
He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yahia, before taking his own life.
Black players of AC Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from husband Michael.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1m.
Ms Mone will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in Lanarkshire.
In 2010 she was at the centre of row with neighbours over plans to add sauna, gym and bar to home.
Five residents objected to her proposals and one said development would 'completely dwarf' the rest of the street.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court charged with murder.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged.
Miss Buckley went missing following a night out at a nightclub in Glasgow.
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of the city earlier this week.
Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham.
The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer and is set to be released at the end of the season.
Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle despite seven years at the club.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace wants between £150m and £200m.
Peace has confirmed he will be open to offers in February.
The Baggies are 13th in the Premier League, seven points clear of relegation.
More than 1,200 people were arrested during a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Masked raiders used angle grinder to try and break into cashpoint in Kenilworth.
They fled police in a stolen Audi RS7 at speeds of up to 145mph.
Gang caused £20,000 worth of damage as they tried to hack into the Waitrose vault.
Police tracked them as they tore up the northbound carriageway of the M42.
Members of the gang used a circular saw, crowbars and a hydraulic cutter.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
She suddenly collapsed and doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped.
But two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR.
The teen then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Her family are now trying to find the police officers who saved her life.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season.
Arsene Wenger's side were heavily criticised after throwing away the title.
But they have the same record as they did at this stage last year.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have same record.
Derby beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Jermain Defoe scored his third goal for the Black Cats.
Defoe admitted he had to question whether it was even happening.
Circuit Judge Michael Maggio has avoided disciplinary hearing.
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July.
Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
Chrissy Teigen showed off her stretch marks in an Instagram post.
Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband Carey Hart.
Kelly Clarkson recently gave an interview in which she discussed how she had been facing criticism for her weight for years.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current contract.
The Ivorian striker made a shock return to Chelsea last summer.
Drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season.
The sprawling house was built on the site of an old telephone exchange.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
The Gunners have won seven on the spin in the Premier League this season.
Arsene Wenger's side have not conceded more than once in the league since New Year's Day.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire named eighth best restaurant in the world.
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal at Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park also in top 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retains crown for fourth year running.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Miss Gerber's sister Rone Odendaal, 24, took pictures of the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo ran straight for the road instead of the car.
The beast managed to escape being eaten by the lions, but it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into the side of their van.
A fully grown buffalo can weigh up to 1,750lbs - half the weight of a VW Golf.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper, from Curry Rivel, Somerset, said his dog dragged him indoors.
He fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
The group included professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
Mr Davies said: 'It was incredibly dangerous, the sea was 10 metres below Andrei, crashing against jagged rocks, also the wind plays a big factor'
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that ‘undermine living standards and family life’
But crackdown, intended to regain political initiative after boosts for Tories on jobs and incomes, backfired spectacularly.
Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts handed out by Labour-run councils, including Doncaster where Mr Miliband is standing for MP.
The gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car.
But he was spotted at 2.15pm near the water slides, where he shot himself.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London, between October 2010 and September 2011.
One woman told Southwark Crown Court today that she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson.
The 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist, whom she helps solve a murder mystery in the first book in the series.
Dubai started construction on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.
New York Wheel will offer stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground.
Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 for a 38-minute ride.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against West Brom.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for letting their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents.
They were told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early.
Tony McCoy won 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby in 2013.
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain.
He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out nearly a year ago.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish has not been fined over the incident and will be in Villa’s squad for the trip to Manchester City.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder.
The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
Stevens is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25.
Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot, which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago.
The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships, and the women's elite race sees Edna Kiplagat attempt to retain her title.
The glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month.
The hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Sheffield's Ponds Forge.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' champion.
Evans had Doherty in all sorts of trouble before the former champion won.
Doherty won the World Championship title back in 1997.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Liverpool are currently ninth in the Bundesliga with five matches to play.
Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure as he faces a third trophyless season.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012.
She spent a year and a half abstaining from eating, which was an incredibly trying ordeal for both her and her fiancé Dustin Wood.
Within months she had dropped to a startling 80lbs and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more time in hospitals.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia.
All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery.
Guests can pay extra to sample premium Port wines, which are aged in thousands of barrels.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011'
William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator, who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of would-be migrants.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit.
Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team.
The 23-year-old missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her father.
She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him.
The next time the NASA employee was up in space, she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the International Space Station.
Her father took a picture of the image from space to show his daughter that her plan had worked.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to get someone's attention.
She gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get a stranger's interest.
Staring directly into someone's eyes triggers an arousal reaction.
Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland on Sunday.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals and Carver admits that Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions.
There is a suggestion that Newcastle will struggle for motivation given the comfort of their mid-table position compared to the Black Cats, who are fighting for Premier League survival.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home, Kincora.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Campaigners claim Mr Kerr's account provides a clear link between VIP paedophile rings in London and Belfast.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has been drawing up a special plan to stop Marouane Fellaini.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise the French centre back.
Zouma started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final.
Fees paid to Tony Blair Associates for work advising Colombia on its mining industry.
The 34page contract for a year was signed between Columbia's department of national planning and Windrush No 3 LP, an arm of Mr Blair's business network.
It included carrying out a'stocktake' of mining deals and contains at least 10 clauses on confidentiality.
Police believe William Tyrrell may have been abducted by a paedophile ring.
Detectives from homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing every lead that we get'
The parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
The bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back, with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards.
At the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors, which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
He allegedly touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately at a Sydney rap concert.
Hamdin was granted bail on strict conditions, including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by at least one of his parents.
Riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out concert.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times.
Jafar Adeli, 32, was snared by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli, of Afghani origin, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from Hinckley, Leicestershire, to Leicester.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, Adeli was confronted by police who arrested him immediately.
The video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and
Kayla Mooney, 24, was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School.
She allegedly had sex with a male student and provided him with alcohol.
Mooney was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She landed her first book deal with her Amy's Baking Year at just 14.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
Teenager has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs.
The number has now come down by 11g - the equivalent of two Fingers.
It is the latest evidence of how the nation's favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water.
Coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Family are now campaigning to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before dumping body.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited family a number of times over two years.
Review into whether care teams could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
Labour leader said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax'
But claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one.
Claim comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
Kate and Prince George have enjoyed meeting the new-born animals at Snettisham Farm Park, Norfolk.
The Cambridges are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home, far from traditional Royal protocol.
Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
Rangers host Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Championship.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
The winger insists he has no regrets about leaving Rangers.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
But before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested by deputies.
His 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment with their model girlfriend.
They travel around the world, from their home state of California to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Jay has 735,000 followers on tumblr and Alexis has 1.1million on Instagram.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 on aggregate to reach the semi-finals.
Neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction during rush hour.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand.
At least 321 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours.
Planned strike by rail workers on Bank Holiday Monday called off.
U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near Baltic Sea in international airspace when a Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
Hayley Adams, 29, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56.
Mr Tanner, 89, was left feeling violated and vulnerable after thefts.
Adams admitted to taking £65, but was handed a restraining order.
She escaped with a community order, restraining order and a total fine of £175.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg in the dressing room.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its Terminal 3.
The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo.
Blue path leads towards departures, while the red path leads to arrivals.
In each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par.
Lincicombe's last tournament victory came in 2011.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici fumbled Alexis Sanchez's shot in extra-time.
The goalkeeper is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend.
Federici apologised to fans for his error after the game.
Khadijah Dare's mother Victoria has issued a plea for her to return home.
Dare, 22, is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner.
She married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived in the UK.
But her family's lawyer says the reality is very different.
Aqsa Mahmood, who calls herself Umm Layth, is now helping to radicalise would-be jihadi brides herself.
No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday.
The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
But the rules do not apply to everyone, it seems.
Western Australia and Canberra have decided to go it alone and will get Monday off.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
The Englishman fell outside the world’s top 10 last month.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
Anna Weir took out the landscape category with her amazing photograph of waterlogged farm land called No.11 Ammaroo.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
The 26-year-old was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Johnson has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee's recent slide.
A planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.
The fire was started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville in California.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural homes.
By late Tuesday evening, the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home and it has left her family with many unanswered questions.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Scottish First Minister says Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'
She reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'
Comes after Miliband insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election.
But Ms Sturgeon said 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast'
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
Premier League puts £168million into grassroots sport.
But this represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week.
Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to leave.
Palace boss says his players will be difficult to take away.
Pardew believes Tony Pulis should get a good reception at Selhurst Park.
Tanguy Pepiot had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree, Liverpool.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for more than £1.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig.
Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants.
The problem has been shared thousands of times online as people try to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 2-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal with a late goal.
Thierry Henry took exception to Hernandez celebrating 'like he'd won the World Cup'
Henry then posted an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg will start second with Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso third.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home.
Despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself.
He had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
Four Swedes were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they stopped a brutal assault on a subway train.
'We came here for vacation. We’ve been here one day. We're no heroes, just tourists,' a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, told the New York Post.
The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game.
The Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday.
Manager Dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up.
Bendtner responded to the decision to drop him on Instagram.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Monday begging to stay in Australia.
Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla has lived in Australia with her son since 2007.
She says it is the only place he knows, and he only knows English.
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-1.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his side had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the Championship.
Karanka could be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay if they join the West Londoners.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes to give insight into his inspiration for the period drama.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor.
This year it boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments over seven days.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year.
They were born with a rare condition called diprosopus, which means they share the same body and organs but have separate brains and two faces.
Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope.
But when they arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'There was no warning, it was just manhandled and thrown in the rubbish. It was through the entire baby section,' Mr Howie said.
Isobel Attwood has not made contact with her family since Saturday.
The 16-year-old is believed to be in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is white, 5ft 4ins tall and has brown hair with extensions.
Kevin Perz, 56, graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri, in 1977.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court clutching hand of his Filipino wife.
Herminia Garcia, 53, was charged with wilful neglect following death.
Couple were watching television when 15-year-old daughter, Blanca Cousins, plunged.
She was arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged her birth had not been registered.
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Washington.
Health experts have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic.
Virus has swept several states in America and California and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.
They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say.
The 48-year-old has been held without charge or trial for more than 13 years.
He is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release.
Obama appointed to speed up closure of notorious prison camp said there was 'no sound reason' for keeping him locked up any longer.
The Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving.
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
The 44-year-old claims Dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly.
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left.
Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
Being obese (with a BMI of 30 to 34.5) reduced lifespan only when your BMI went above 35.
The study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia.
The 40-year-old admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
Robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage.
He credits then team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse.
He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail.
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said last week that he was 'disturbed and troubled' by the video.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel at the Crucible.
O'Sullivan had a 12-4 lead in his second round match against Matthew Stevens.
The five-time world champion was also warned about his behaviour.
35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine.
This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
The Masters is one of the few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months.
Jordan Spieth has been the star and if the Dallas native wins from here, he would claim Texas’s 13th green jacket.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night.
Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture.
Biso squeezed into hole in wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010.
But soon became to big to escape thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo.
He fed the cat scraps of food every day and even visited the station during the revolution in Egypt in 2011, when most stores, including his own, were closed.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon hit back at claims from Tory former PM Sir John Major.
Sir John claimed SNP would use power in Westminster to foster division.
He said Ms Sturgeon is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself.
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough from Championship side Boro.
The 21-year-old scored one in Boro's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday.
Chelsea are keen to tie Bamford down to a new long-term deal.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old defender had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling has become a regular for Louis van Gaal after struggling for a first-team place earlier this season.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters'
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya.
Up to 950 perishing off Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend alone.
Ukip's deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as a 'devastating tragedy'
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
Blackpool boss Lee Clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of Birmingham.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years.
Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
Deacon Ken Bilgrien said the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup, but declined to discuss the controversy.
A French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
She is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm - and both images are then judged independently by people on the street.
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan following United's 4-2 win against their great rivals City.
She later deleted the post and issued an apology on Facebook.
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars.
Van Gaal described humiliating City as the 'best feeling' he had since moving to Old Trafford.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
She was told she only had nine months to three years to live.
The 61-year-old lost her battle to cancer last Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home.
Her family has launched a desperate online appeal to have her ring returned.
Jewellery store SA Gold Diggers in Salisbury, South Australia has offered a $1000 reward for anyone providing information.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho gave Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.
Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a last-gasp equaliser saved.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
The waitress recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, compared to a fifth of the general population.
Young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated.
Binge drinking costs the British economy £4.9bn every year.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week.
She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early.
The former boxing promoter is now recovering at home with her three children.
Last year she announced her decision to change her sex and live as a woman.
Thief scaled a two-storey antiques market before squeezing down a narrow shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor 'like a snake' to avoid triggering infrared security beams.
The eight-minute raid took place at the Vintage Watch Store in Hampstead, north London, on Saturday at about 9pm.
Among the haul was an 18 carat gold Goliath 8-Day Swedish royal presentation wedding pocket watch made in 1910 worth £12,500.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old scored the winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth.
While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin.
A University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
Renting in the capital soared to an average of more than £1,100 per month.
She even visited some clients at their workplace.
The woman spoke through the English Collective of Prostitutes.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008, ending Ajax's four-year reign.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Depay has been likened to Cristiano Ronaldo by PSV manager Phillip Cocu and Ajax great Ronald de Boer.
Alice Liveing, from Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to healthy eating.
Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week which is how she maintains her impressive body.
In the future she would love to be the female Jamie Oliver.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.
Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
The last time City won having trailed at half time was in April 1995.
Keith Curle, Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh scored for City.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation.
Sir Andrew Motion, now president of Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend.
The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car.
After making sure no one is watching, the man props the woman against the wall of a nearby building, but without his support she slumps to the ground face first.
She was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill.
Instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS)
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Last season Chelsea were seven points clear at the top of the table but fell away after losing at Aston Villa and Crystal Palace.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
The couple are said to be'soulmates' and certainly seemed to be very much in love as they stepped out into the sunshine.
Andrea Catherwood stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of the city.
It's a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel, towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish, El Peix d'Or.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 2-1 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute.
Nedum Onuoha and Didier Drogba impressed for QPR.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The married father-of-five has spoken to police and denied the accusations.
But a recorded conversation between him and the model shows he did not deny touching the model, it has been claimed.
Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Jared McCarroll, head chef at M Restaurant and Grill, says the best way to cook the perfect steak is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first.
He advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start cooking.
The best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel 'locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school'
A relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17- and 12-year-old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment.
The conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street.
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the first leg on Wednesday night.
Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
Shanice Farier stole £15,336 from her employer, Kanoo Travel in Derby.
The 22-year-old earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father.
But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, court heard.
She spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle', said judge.
Farier was ordered to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
England dominated St Kitts & Nevis XI on first day of tour match.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets each for 10 runs.
Stokes said Cook was one of the best batsmen in the world.
'First of its kind' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance.
Sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
The decision comes after the Israeli army considered 700 proposals.
Proposed area to introduce it is along border between Gaza and Israel.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare.
Both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City.
The winger has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa.
Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent soon.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The ad features a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins.
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout claim the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification.
They claim the advertisement also suggests that the two women shown are 'part of the menu'
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid from Castilla for £2.3million in January.
The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Spanish giants.
Odegaard has found life tough at Real Madrid in recent weeks.
Zinedine Zidane dropped the Norwegian from the Castilla side earlier this month.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day.
In total, Israel remembers 23,320 people who died 'fighting for the national cause' since 1860.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Julian Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast.
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in Downton, and Lily James, who stars in the new Disney cinema hit Cinderella, would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary.
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.
Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on Monday.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Manager Ronny Deila had targeted the treble in his first season.
But that dream ended in controversial fashion at Hampden.
Virgil van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title.
Brian O’Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
The Irishman believes the domestic game needs to readdress the balance.
Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup semi-finals.
Girls at Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real.
Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion.
Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114.
George Groves will fight Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
Survey by Matalan for its Made for Modern Families campaign.
22% cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws (21%)
But below grandparents (26%) at 26%.
More than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
Trott looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in Antigua.
England completed four days of low-key, uncompetitive cricket in Basseterre.
Irish actor, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father to his two sons James and Henry.
Has been linked with a string of the world's most famous beauties.
Angelina Jolie, Demi Moore, Britney Spears and Elizabeth Taylor all denied romance.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of the second West Indies Test.
He recovered quicker than expected form a rib injury in the World Cup.
Australia will bombard Moeen with bouncers after he struggled against Sri Lanka and India last year.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal of France 6-3 6-2 in Casablanca Open qualifying.
The 25-year-old has lived in the UK for seven years and is now a citizen.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today.
Officers arrested Rashid at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of Terrorism Act 2006.
He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Mrs Shute announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area.
When officers arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down.
The vehicle's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash.
It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her
Quarterback Tom Brady posted a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast on April 1.
Brady had fans worried after he shared a video of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos pulled off a brilliant April Fool as they co-hosted Live! With Kelly And Michael on Wednesday morning.
China's leadership has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea.
Only yesterday, Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions'
But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
The war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli received the most abuse with 8,000 abusive messages directed at him.
Arsenal's Danny Welbeck received 1,700, in each case, at least 50 per cent of the abuse was racist.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion this summer.
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old left back.
Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back where he has struggled.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Teasers for ITV show Newzoids show Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little, well, common.
Plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts.
Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
Mr Perkins, who was first elected MP in 2010, is defending a narrow majority of just 500 votes over the Lib Dems in Chesterfield.
Amanda Knox, 27, was exonerated of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher in late March.
Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
She returned to the U.S. protesting her innocence, but in January 2014, the Italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull in January.
The 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
Kerr was apprehended in Waterloo, south London, on Friday.
His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that makes it hard for her to socialize.
Her parents had sent out invitations to her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So Mackenzie's mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by their home on Saturday.
The response was overwhelming and more than 700 people showed up to celebrate with her.
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through Spectral Edge's Eyeteq image enhancement technology.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says decision is down to good behaviour.
Merseyside Police launched legal challenge after Everton v Liverpool match.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
The man's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation.
No one has been arrested over the shooting.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He said Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation.
The former head of the Crown Prosecution Service said children are'manipulated' by Islamists.
Bradley Dew had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew, 26, was found guilty of robbery and assault at Maidstone Crown Court.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner was expected to attend Wembley.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell the club since last May.
Ben Stokes gave Marlon Samuels a salute during second Test.
Durham all-rounder saluted Stokes on his way to the pavilion.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding 118 from Joe Root.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft.
The driver, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ‘buy another one tomorrow’
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013.
One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act.
Wheeler was running Net Shred - a program designed to eradicate internet history - when authorities knocked on his door.
The discovery led to the accomplished composer and pilot being fired from a job he had held for nine years, which had a salary of nearly $3700,000.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight.
Each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school, and back again.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
As stunt took a bizarre twist, Farage hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
He said: 'Basically I don't really understand much about political life and I'm trying to show the youth it's good to vote'
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday, after serving in the same position for the State Department.
She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents.
Pregnant aides Katie Fallon and Jen Psaki both say they envision working more flexible hours so they can put their babies to bed.
Carl Bradey has been hailed a hero after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire.
Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month.
He has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, Spain.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Forensics are continuing to search the most recent home and have erected a white barrier outside.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
This raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used their giant bony protrusions to attract a mate.
Palaeontologists have been baffled by differences between the shape of the plates on some fossils - leading some to believe they were different species.
The new research on the plates may help scientists determine whether 'Sophie', the Stegosaurus at the Natural History Museum in London, is a female or if it was in fact a male dinosaur.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert in support of a gun control charity.
The singer committed to a benefit concert for Sandy Hook Promise, which organized in response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in late 2012.
Anti-gun control commenters have said McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash saying, 'I've never been one to take on controversial issues - I'm a singer'
The $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia in 1933.
They were melted down when the country went off the gold standard.
The family found the valuables in a bank deposit box for their father.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government.
But the appeals court returned the coins to the Langbords.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars.
He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
The uniforms have not been changed for more than a decade.
A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks.
Mr Grant will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
Diego Maradona has not worked since leaving Al-Wasl in 2012.
The former Argentina star has undergone gastric bypass surgery.
Maradona guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the AES Seal New York Stadium.
Brighton had to improve in the second half and brought on Leon Best for Chris O'Grady.
Beram Kayal, just moments after being booked, should have put the visitors on level terms.
Liverpool face West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
The Reds lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson are back in training ahead of the game.
Adrien Broner urges Amir Khan to make their fight happen on FaceTime.
Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December.
British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on Khan's agenda next year.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results.
United lost 3-1 at Dens Park on Wednesday night – their first derby defeat to Dundee since November 2004.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Manchester City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along while striking a pose for the cameras.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Edmond, who set off nine days and 517 miles ago, rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season as Wolves drew 1-1 with Ipswich.
The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start with quick striker Nouha Dicko.
Dicko had been left out of the starting line-up for the previous game at Middlesbrough.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
Perino said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
On that same day at the hospital, Perino said Bush met a young Marine who opened his eyes for the first time while the president was in the room to award him with a Purple Heart.
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
Doaa and Umm were smuggled from Raqqa, Syria, to Turkey earlier this year.
Pair said they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules.
They said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress.
Now the pair, who are living in Turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year, 17 more than any other Hull defender.
Leonardo Ulloa didn't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive.
Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Manchester City will lose £500,000-a-man bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season.
Premier League title holders give players incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
Chris Smalling said United were'second best from first minute until last'
Everton boss Roberto Martinez said his side were better in every department than their opponents.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
He studied the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valeyrian steel.
The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state the club are currently in.
Former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club’s fans.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's availability for the European Under 21 Championship.
Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club’s PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
She was in the Gulf state, ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
An onlooker who saw her among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race said she was walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain.
The famous Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
The sanctuary, run by Buddhist monks, has been open near Kanchanaburi since 1994.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
Diego Castro's header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw in La Liga on Sunday.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago.
Sullivan, 29, has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games.
The couple met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team.
They found that less than 11 per cent of men opted for team payment, in comparison to 44% of women.
These individuals tend to be far less common in women's sport.
Study could have implications for other areas outside sport, such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is humiliated by her husband she married in 2007, and is someone who has 'loved Harry through his charms and flaws,' a source told the Daily News.
Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old Italian model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.
A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash in Gardena, California.
Police say the key to tracking down Ikeler was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car.
CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - was the way police were able to track Ikeler down, after a neighbor saw it on the news.
The little girl was found naked and with obvious injuries in the parking lot of Jim's Burgers
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch the new Puma boot.
The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German.
Puma are releasing the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic, which took inspiration from the Japanese dragon.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
Some of the women appear to struggle with the cumbersome weapons.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
The first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing.
Ray Leonard, Roberto Duran, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler engaging each other in some of the ring’s epic battles.
Leonard had defeated the previous — and equally great — Felix Trinidad to win the world welterweight title.
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record.
The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Tony Abbott's conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach Australia.
He said the EU should 'urgently' follow his lead.
His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes say they oppose the death penalty for Dzhokar Tsarnaev.
The couple urged others to 'overcome the impulse for vengeance'
Comes after the family of Martin Richard, 8, who was killed in the blast.
His seven-year-old sister, Jane, lost a leg in the April 15, 2013, attack.
A jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole this week.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 by Jerome Taylor in the second innings.
Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed.
Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed.
They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
The accident happened when he was on his own using an angle cutter, fitted with a safety guard.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and marijuana.
Tweets include phrases such as 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King refused to let him have chemotherapy.
Dr Peter Wilson said treatment was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning.
He said: 'I personally received a letter from a person who wished my children got cancer and died'
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
The city centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens - the latter the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family have reportedly fled their home in Montabaur.
The 26-year-old maths teacher and her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home.
A friend of the distraught family said: 'The hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett.
Corbett, 39, is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons.
Lady Hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave dog outside.
Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog, the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span.
Mother-of-two from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was just 17 at the time.
The grandmother, who was married to Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn three years later, was a pin-up girl.
Hillary Clinton's security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
While the original van – the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada.
It was the first time in his career that the Portuguese has scored five in a single match.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon'
The Frenchman also scored twice as Madrid's 'BBC' strikeforce combined to score eight of their side's nine goals.
Nakhi Wells gave Huddersfield the lead in the 12th minute.
James Vaughan doubled the home side's lead after 48 minutes.
Mick McCarthy's side have now lost four of their last five away games.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
Researchers estimated that the country, minus all the buildings, roads and trees on top of it, achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years.
Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre.
New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts all have per acre values above $100,000.
Catholic bishops in America have slammed Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view'
Critic said the show encourages the audience to ‘root for the self-made commoner Thomas Cromwell’ when in fact he was a ‘monster’ who engineered a reign of terror and murdered anyone who stood in his way.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
In a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
Moniz pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March.
The Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation.
Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Lewis Hamilton secured his third win of the season in Bahrain on Sunday.
His younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Charlie Adam's stunning 66-yard strike will go down in Premier League history.
Scottish midfielder picked up ball deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
Shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away.
Adam later said: 'I never knew I had that much power, to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special'
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
Spectators have flocked to see Jordan Spieth in action.
The 21-year-old has since risen to number four in the world.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League.
The West Brom manager is in the midst of yet another relegation battle.
Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final.
Palace fans were pleased with the job Pulis did in his time at Selhurst Park.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances.
Stuart McCall fulfills promise of fielding more academy players.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery.
Two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
The man, named as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother.
He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died on the way to hospital.
Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run.
Five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Lithium-ion battery pack drives six YASA-400 electric motors.
EO PP03 is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb.
It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
The car is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in prison on Friday for running a'revenge porn' website.
He was convicted of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Bollaert earned about $900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $30,000 from victims.
Natasha Hope-Simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space.
The Nova Scotia woman lost a part of her left leg below the knee in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013.
She has now turned her handicap into an opportunity to create wearable art.
Jameela Jamil, 29, thought she had lupus, an auto-immune condition.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
Dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years.
Every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in Britain.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg) and 7st 8lbs (48kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Zinedine Zidane claims Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
The Real Madrid reserve boss is tipped as a future manager at the Bernabeu.
Hazard scored the winning goal against Manchester United last Saturday.
Iain Mackay, 40, allegedly got into a fight with Nilobon Patty, 35.
The couple had been seeing each other for three years before his death.
Ms Patty claims Mr Mackay accused her of laughing at him, after which she decided to go home.
Police said he cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar near to the venue where he had spotted Ms Patty and the mystery man.
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat.
It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
The seat won the prize at the Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem.
The 24-year-old lock is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester Tigers on May 9.
Launchbury's potential return would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches after hearing Darren Farley's impression.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley.
Second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather.
Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana.
Weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under with three holes left.
Calvin Harris is the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100, beating the likes of Gordon Ramsay, Simon Cowell and even J.K. Rowling.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune of £70 million.
He stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest the programme's obsession with fame.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia.
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingales.
Kathmandu's monuments are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture.
But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble.
The Dharahara Tower was built in 1832 as a gift to the queen, who was also his niece.
More than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below.
Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday.
She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter.
But not herself as she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy'
With the mid-season sale now on, we tried a selection of their latest outfits to see whether this Boden sceptic could be persuaded.
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' said Oz.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
They accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science'
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub.
An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 for one 12-hour shift.
Figures were revealed following a Freedom of Information request.
It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year.
Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
He said: 'I am not one of those politicians who says they 'get' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'
Under Labour, for years, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers.
With the Conservatives, two-thirds of our job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
The woman insulted the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists'
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when the incident occurred.
Police sources said a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the incident.
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released.
Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner and Johnson, who is 6'8", from fighting after an argument turned physical.
Johnson's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an investigation into a shooting in Troy.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children.
The 39-year-old worried that her size was causing her to look like a man.
She went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Paul converted to Christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice.
He was blinded for three days and heard a voice or sound in the sky.
Astronomer Dr William Hartmann examined three accounts of Paul's conversion.
Said the description of the light, the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite.
The meteorite that hit Chelyabinsk in Russia in February was the largest recorded meteor strike in more than a century.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces.
The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer.
The defender has only made 16 appearances for City this season.
Sagna says he would make the same decision if faced with a similar decision.
Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record.
She has been suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France.
Seventeen pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
Dr Jim Penman claims Britons have lost the drive for innovation.
He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
The city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas.
But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down in practice on Friday.
The Briton's mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2.
Three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution.
Button finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa.
It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
The news comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters.
He compared the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of ex-leaders to advise governments.
He said: 'Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt.
Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's replacement.
Louis van Gaal has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a prime contender.
Dortmund midfielder Gundogan has been watched extensively by United.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English.
It is their first title since the Wellington Sevens in February 2013.
The 22 points moved them onto 100 and ahead of Australia in the series.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
He and a friend were fishing on the Wisconsin side of the river when they heard three teenagers being loud and rude.
They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours.
The suspect, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
Kelly and his wife, Christie, have four sons and a daughter under the age of nine.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the 16-year-old.
Romero is expected to remain at Velez, on loan, for at least two more seasons before coming to England to begin his career with Arsenal.
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Two of his three children go to a state primary school in north London.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print.
'Hello Ladies' is emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day.
Kate Roberts noticed her son Miles had a different shaped head when he was born.
At three months he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The former Arsenal man has added 12 more since joining Wolves on a permanent deal.
Afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
Coney said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could be moved from assignments that involve physical activity.
Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on.
The Bayern Munich midfielder lost his balance and the ball flew off in the opposite direction.
Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance.
He crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.
Unfortunately, the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to Mr Saeed's presence.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.
She was arrested on March 25 after allegedly squirting her breast milk.
The mother of three has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Leeder will reappear in court in May and will seek a mental health assessment.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related.
She even claimed single occupancy discount on council tax payments, court told.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season.
Iker Casillas doesn't want to leave but if Real Madrid sign David de Gea he may be more tempted.
Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona.
Fabio Coentrao remains one of the biggest mysteries of Real Madrid’s transfer policy in recent years.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
Arsene Wenger has told Manchester City not to waste their time in signing him.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all available for selection against Burnley on Saturday.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years.
He found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer.
Benitez was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
The former Liverpool boss made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his Liverpool days.
Latika Bourke had no interest in looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
On her first visit to India she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby.
The nuns kept a book with a handwritten record of the day she arrived and then when she was handed over to her adoptive parents.
Latika will feel eternally grateful to the nuns who cared for her as a defenceless tiny baby when nobody else could.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases.
A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria.
It supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director.
Sitting alongside her on organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday.
The 48-year-old had gun wounds to the chest and had been shot four times.
Hassan Anyabwile replaced him at the An-Noor mosque in Acton, West London.
He is named in a Trinidadian parliamentary report on an attempted coup in 1990.
Mr Anybwile is described by a Parliamentary report as'responsible' for the use of explosives involved in the blowing of police headquarters in Port of Spain.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford.
Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
But the striker seems to be coping better after the international break.
He picked up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is being auctioned.
It shows the steps astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
A bloodstained document is being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission.
Checklists from space missions are said to be highly collectable because they flew in space and were so vital to the astronauts.
Steven Davis believes Southampton have an advantage over Spurs.
The Northern Ireland captain says the players never back away from the 'big game'
Southampton host Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris are offering the rare trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk.
Guests will spend seven days in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers.
They will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City.
Bale has said he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite becoming unpopular.
Chelsea are favourites to sign the Real Madrid forward.
Manchester United are also interested in signing Javier Hernandez.
Petr Cech could join Real Madrid if David de Gea stays at Chelsea.
Last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches.
But it’s only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time.
The Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day.
The hosts are jubilant that Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump.
Captain Cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into the slips.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience for being too left wing.
The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday, will air Thursday on CNN Money.
The show released a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University calling for his resignation because he is a 'charlatan'
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
The organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire.
Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages.
The 19-year-old said: 'Thanks for the messages!!! UTV (Up The Villa)'
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
The teddy is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary.
He broke into Sandra Bullock's California home last summer.
The 50-year-old was forced to make a desperate call to the police.
Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
They include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, reported missing after her brother could not contact her.
She had been staying at the house in a suburb of Madrid for two or three months.
Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested.
Spanish Police said to have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street.
At least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina and the man's aunt has also not been found.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced.
They dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet.
Police are now investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
It comes as Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after back operations.
Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her pain.
On Good Friday she left her home after telling her husband she was 'popping out'
But he became anxious for her welfare and called the police.
At 2.35pm, police and ambulance crews were called to the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen, where they discovered Mrs Garratt's body.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China.
The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane.
Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
Koeman believes opponents are respecting them more.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald are still grieving eight years after their son was murdered by his conman lover.
Gareth met Glen Rycroft in a gay online chat room and they started a dating in 2005.
Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds.
When his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police, he murdered him.
Rycroft was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison, serving a minimum of 25 years.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in Syria.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform.
Dennis Kimetto has seen his agent banned ahead of doping investigations.
Rosa & Associati client Rita Jeptoo was banned for two years after testing positive for EPO.
Jeremy Clarkson will host satirical panel show Have I Got News For You.
He was sacked from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon.
The 54-year-old was sacked after a row over a steak dinner in Hawes, Yorkshire.
Clarkson is set to appear on the show on April 25, just one month after his sacking.
It is understood that bosses at the BBC took weeks to decide if he should host.
Last month, Jimmy Mulville from production company Hat Trick confirmed he would appear.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
In the US, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia, while the French are the most positive on 86 per cent, compared to the average 70 per cent.
Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Hand gestures such as thumbs up, clapping hands and the peace
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported after living in the U.S. without documentation.
Mother-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her toddler daughter while on the toilet.
The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook and has been liked on Facebook more than 211,000.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, best known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
They claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission.
The book is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games.
Gronkowski even read out some of the cringeworthy lines during the Patriots press tour, including during an appearance of Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Manny Pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino boxer trained at LA's Griffith Park on Friday.
Pacquiao has revealed the colourful mouth guard he will wear during the fight.
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ.
Based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked.
The balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters to realise what is at stake for security.
Thomaz Alckmin, son of the Sao Paulo governor, was one of the victims.
Crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo.
It is thought the damaged house had been under construction.
Three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
She also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever, and is thought to be the first transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash with Clermont due to an alleged butt injury.
The 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait.
Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match at Rugby School in 1823.
The decision was said to be the beginning of the modern game of rugby.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity'
Dr Thomas Arnold is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters.
Isco joined Real Madrid from Malaga in the summer of 2013.
The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City.
Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco during their time at Malaga.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
Pete Evans is under fire for his'reworked' baby milk formula.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in his cookbook.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
It comes after Evans shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis.
‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties, and is going viral online.
The device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus, and this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
Amazingly, the girl suffered minor injuries and has been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
Mr Docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work wasn’t carried out to his specifications.
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane at Turf Moor.
Kane failed to inspire Spurs in an insipid 0-0 draw against Burnley.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won, while Spurs' hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated.
Isco has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
In the absence of injured Colombian playmaker James Rodriguez, Isco fell straight back out of the team when Rodriguez returned to fitness.
The Spaniard was forthright in his criticism of Carlo Ancelotti's choice.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax.
De Jong suffered a collapsed lung in February and was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign.
The 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for United’s reserves when they entertain Derby County at St James' Park on Wednesday night.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up.
But others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
Prince Harry's former girlfriend Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
Davy wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle's performance against Sunderland wasn't good enough.
Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf muscle tear.
Magpies slipped to record fifth successive defeat in Tyne-Wear derby.
Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division has just four rounds left.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Third make CAF Confederation Cup, Africa's equivalent of Europa League.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent, with Tranmere bottom of the league with two games to go.
The fear involves dropping out of the Football League a week on Saturday after 94 years of membership.
Relegation to the National League may partly be down to Prenton Park legend Ronnie Moore, sacked by the club last season for a minor betting offence, and now masterminding Hartlepool's unlikely survival.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Since the Marillac site in France was unearthed, the discovery of fossil remains of animals, humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for Neanderthals.
Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
New arrival will spend first few weeks at Anmer Hall in Norfolk.
The nursery and Kensington Palace have been given a Beatrix Potter theme.
Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to the nursery a couple of weeks ago.
Kensington Palace refused to comment on the story saying they could neither confirm nor deny that the couple had plans to paint the nursery.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear.
The 61-year-old actor said he never intends to watch the documentary.
Travoltas said Scientology has been 'beautiful' for him and that he 'can't even imagine attacking it'
The documentary claims members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they leave the faith.
Authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant.
Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual.
FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'
It is easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan, then use your finger to paint on the effect.
Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of Marouane Fellaini.
The Belgian midfielder is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.
Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat last season.
United have won five league games in a row and are in third place.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was flipped upside down by the force of the car but escaped with minor injuries.
Leicester travel to West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Foxes are currently six points adrift of the relegation zone.
Nigel Pearson insists his side have no margin for error.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego.
He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Prosecutors believe he was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $100,000 someone posted for his bail.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience.
They say we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events, like a lunch date.
Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party.
A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times, research has found.
Michelle, 27, has unveiled new Lipsy range in full.
Shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals.
Says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water.
Also swears by LVL eyelash treatments.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Half an hour after the initial quake, another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit, followed by smaller aftershocks across the region.
Survivors recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be caring for 89-year-old Ray Warren.
But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164.
The mother-of-three spent cash on Chinese takeaways, eBay, children's nursery fees, insurance and on mortgage arrears payments.
Mr Warren, from Norwich, Norfolk, died just five months after her crime was discovered.
Davis admitted five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates' Court.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, a report says.
That number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5 per cent of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself.
Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Last year, Congress approved new eligibility requirements that forced the Defense Department to reconsider.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday.
Carlo Ancelotti will have Isco and James Rodriguez available for the first time in two months after James broke a bone in his foot.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Manchester City Council the worst offender for its size, with 77 staff.
Leeds city council comes second with 47 staff and Bristol and Sheffield city come joint third.
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram, which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Researchers have released an interactive roadkill map to show the trail of destruction being caused by California's state highways.
The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
As he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
The Chelsea boss insists he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain's Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used' in the performance.
Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend to tell her about it.
But French ventriloquist Marc Metral insisted that Miss Wendy ‘loves performing’
French MP Guillaume Garot has put forward 36 proposals to tackle waste.
Throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to €20 billion a year.
A UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year.
11 former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs.
They fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
But the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
A 12th defendant, a teacher
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old loose forward has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year.
London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'Elliot comes highly recommended from Leeds and has come through a good system'
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes.
David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva.
Luiz was substituted after 21 minutes after Suarez nutmegged him.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep QPR above water.
Hill insists Rangers can survive if they keep their cool.
QPR remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot dead on a London street on Tuesday.
He was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad, according to friends.
The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest.
His son Murhaf issued a statement on behalf of the family, calling for witnesses to come forward and paying tribute to the political dissident.
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
It is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer.
Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow.
The average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and 4 in 10 bought a tablet.
Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops are second, followed by laptops and tablets.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
'People thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users, with the team proving Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination.
Miranda Devine has apologised for calling David Pocock a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language.
The Brumbies flanker and former Australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend, which Pocock pointed out in reply.
'It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. I have a friend who's first language is Auslan so it was for her…' Pocock tweeted in return.
Prime Minister says Tories will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home.
National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and is effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited.
Labour says policy has 'unravelled' and says 479 council homes were sold off last year raising £100million, or 2 per cent of the funds promised by the Tories.
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in Elmwood Park, New Jersey, on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
Police on scene believed he looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel, Elmwood Police Chief Michael Foligno said.
In addition to the possession charges, DeMarco was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals.
Guillermo Garcia-Lopez was beaten by Morocco's Lamine Ouahab.
Tiger of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, fought in India in 1799.
Duke of Wellington defeated and killed the sultan in the Battle of Waterloo.
He returned to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne.
This month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He is accused of killing Ms Scott just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford used the name Quetzalcoalt to write scripts for his favourite TV series Stargate.
In one YouTube video, he commented 'I regret nothing' on a video about Nazi leader Rudolf Hess.
His identical twin brother moved from Holland to Australia in June 2013.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner, and Rojo was ordered to pay her £25,000 legal costs.
Now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal Ms Watson's party girl lifestyle.
Gary Lineker labelled Ukip leader Nigel Farage a 'd***' during debate.
He said people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment.
It was the first time leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head.
Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' the contest.
David Potchen robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June and waited for police to arrive so he could go back to prison.
He had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods before deciding to rob a bank with a note on the back of his resume.
The 53-year-old had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
Potchen was on probation in June and served286 more days before he told Judge Clarence Murray that he would plead guilty only if he got the maximum eight years for the
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters.
Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.
The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-final.
Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos at Elland Road.
Six players withdrew from the squad ahead of Saturday's trip to Charlton.
Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers.
Bates accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of stun gun, it is claimed.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers by posting the video.
During the seven-second clip, Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face.
The three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal.
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest.
It took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps living inside.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
The Wales wing was assessed by a neurologist on Wednesday.
John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago.
Higgins is daring to dream of a fifth world title.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503)
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw.
Gary Ballance was struck by a shot from Jos Buttler.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts for the Blues this season.
Ray Parlour believes the Gunners should sign Wojciech Szczesny in the summer.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.
Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV around 7pm on Saturday.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected.
Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield, before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age.
In March, Moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars.
Gates, 49, is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone.
The stunt was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Philippe Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele.
Pele was a special guest for Liverpool's league encounter vs Manchester United.
Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia, especially those with Alzheimer's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
Three cars were broken into and damaged during the match against Hull KR.
The Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own.
'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday.
She also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which named Malia and sister Sasha among the 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014.
A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 is located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina.
In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars.
Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery.
The heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles, etching away the enveloping hydrogen gas cloud.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise.
Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Majnaric was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
Last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick.
Young Lions squad came from a goal down to secure victory.
England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
Casey's new range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
The reality TV star teased fans with some pre-release pieces.
Says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a 'dream come true'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message has attracted national media attention.
The mechanic's post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes.
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section.
The route usually draws about a million visitors every year but numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years.
It is hoped the March 14 opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen Line will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible.
There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve.
Police and RSPCA taskforce, set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal in February, found ammunition shells
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
In his most recent blog post he defended meat eating, saying it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
But he also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the.
world's growing population as demand in developing countries increases.
Scientists have already cooked up the first test tube beef burger, but now researchers in Israel are working on.
the world's first lab-
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
The pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he tried to clear his throat.
He collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
But his Labrador Lexi leaped into action and dislodged the onion.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment for leukaemia.
He has built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunnan Province, China.
The fire is made using sawdust, twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes for it to get hot enough.
Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan last month.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to ensure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
Just before the dissolution of Parliament, Conservative Sir Greg Knight asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the Easter Act 1928.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure.
A separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the Mediterranean.
Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship for burial.
He was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
It was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
In the evening game, Inter Milan beat Verona 3-0 to end a seven-match winless run.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau.
According to Defence figures released in 2012, the $100 million vessel has an average running cost of $201,621 each day.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.
The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps.
He was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute.
Southampton are seventh in the Premier League table with a wage bill of £55.2million.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
The combined accounts of the 20 clubs shows over overall turnover rose to £3.07billion from £2.3billion in 2012/13.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute.
Odion Ighalo doubled the visitors' lead on 65 minutes.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Actress Katy Cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns.
Bosses at Coronation Street have reportedly overturned a ban on actors doing voiceover work for television adverts.
Actress was reportedly given a telling off for lending her voice to a rival station.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on April 3.
Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
A section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Police have released photos of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel.
The incident was sparked when the referee awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for the incident
Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim.
Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at Priory School.
The fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair.
Mr Turnbull has worked at the school for nine years, hiring out a room.
School confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return'
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259.
Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney was a close second at 3075.
Ronnie O'Sullivan raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
The 39-year-old could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
O'Sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the Crucible audience.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Brennan, 36, was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device.
This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
Police discovered 'various bombs-making components'
Kimi Raikkonen's contract at Ferrari expires at the end of the current season.
The Finn has been urged to improve his performances if he wants to stay.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says results have to improve.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her daughter at home alone on Sunday when she was hungry.
She closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food.
When Zheng returned, her daughter was nowhere to be seen.
The family has been left with a large medical bill, estimated to be £100,000.
Bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°C (105°F)
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practice can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels.
The average body temperature for men was 39°C and 38°C for women.
Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour.
Kevin Franklin, 53, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, says he will switch his lights on every evening in April for Autism Awareness Month.
His 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability.
The continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered some neighbours, prompting a poison pen letter last month.
Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system.
He will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set higher state pension.
Move is a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the SNP.
Widnes lost 30-10 to Warrington in the Cheshire derby.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Wolves have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Easter Feast is available at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester.
It includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs topped off with three different types of flavoured milk.
The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons.
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet tarantula and allowed it to bite her hand.
Footage shows exotic pet owner holding her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin.
Kayonna remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
The Chelsea winger is one of the elite in English football.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
He was named PFA Young Player of the Year last season.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes online.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term.
She has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left speech in Cheltenham.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
The quarry had been abandoned for several years.
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony.
U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency.
Prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher.
Levar Jones, 36, was on his way home from work when he was shot.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
Mr Jones said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police.
He said: 'I was just an innocent person pulling up at a gas station'
Frank Lampard appeared on Channel Four's 'Alan Carr's Chatty Man'
The Manchester City midfielder said he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out.
Lampard was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain is keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.
Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career.
The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday night.
Steve Miller has put forward a five-point plan he thinks will work wonders.
He is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet Wednesday night.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the 14-man squad.
Denesh Ramdin will continue to skipper the side for the three-Test series.
Leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall.
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash.
Roberts sat incognito with the other called jurors and answered questions about his sister in Indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law, who works with the Indiana State Police.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
Urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them.
He hid his iPhone inside to film through the hole and hid it under cubicles.
Doctor admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death.
The pair learned about the ruling on Monday after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court.
Lawyers for the pair now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency.
They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be filed this week.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Saracens, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all bunched up behind Saints.
Mid-table Wasps and Sale Sharks also cannot be discounted.
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
iPhone users on EE will find their calls automatically connect through the internet.
Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge will also have the feature on the EE network.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed with her at family home in West Wales.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Welsh government said it will consider the coroner’s comments.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12.
Models were adorned with jewellery from Cerrone Jewellers.
'Flash playboy' Danny Lambo bought his girlfriend a £10,000 Easter present.
The 37-year-old hotelier paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29, that runs pure chocolate milk.
Bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing 1.3 million calories.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week.
Upright's daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are scheduled to fight on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to retire with as much as $100m (£67m) in the bank.
Pacquiao has been married to Jinkeee for 15 years and has five children.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces.
The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways, and are suitable for day to night wear.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One.
The third programme focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise and showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement.
KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK alone.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse heard from alleged victims at Neerkol orphanage near Rockhampton.
A retired nurse, who was sent to the orphanage, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly.
Third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
The hearing in Queensland, which started on Tuesday, is expected to go until April 24.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal.
Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017.
Allen admits his move from Belfast to the Scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone.
Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for the England right back.
Ronald Koeman admits it will be difficult to keep hold of Clyne.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of the season in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, north-east of Cuba, was named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users.
Maui, the second largest island in Hawaii, is named the second best island.
Santorini, Greece, was also named fourth best in Europe.
Madeira, Portugal, was Europe's only other entry in the top 10.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
The experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load.
Scientists believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing HIV infection.
In a person infected with HIV, there is an ongoing battle between the virus and the body's immune system.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder.co.uk has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Mary Day fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa.
Day went on trips to tourist hotspot in 2009, 2011 and 2014 but failed to tell authorities.
The 60-year-old has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions.
Transport for London has pulled the posters from the London Underground.
Campaigners are celebrating after learning that they are being taken down.
The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
Prince William will take full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members.
Mr Jones was escorted out of the building leaving other local candidates to take part in the debate without him.
He blamed his collapse on a cold brought on by his campaign.
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships.
Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
Louis van Gaal did not rate the £29million summer signing from Athletic Bilbao.
But the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product.
The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Sheree Morgan, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
Couple, 86, and 84-year old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
He urged the elderly couple to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security'
Lance McDade was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight at Lipscomb city hall on Friday.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor McDade when the fight broke out.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
He will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20.
The artifacts were found at the Honolulu Museum of Art yesterday.
They are believed to have been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
Kapoor, a former New York art dealer, is facing charges in India.
Officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Nearly half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases.
Ticks can also be found on foxes, badgers, mice, birds and pets.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for the first team since March last year.
The 19-year-old has been sidelined with a serious knee injury.
Ggnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi is the second St Regis hotel in the UAE capital.
Located in the centre of the city, the signature suite hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground.
It's the highest suspended hotel room in the world, overlooking the Arabian Gulf.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub.
The child was not hurt.
McCassin is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for the visitors.
Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as he sent Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way.
The midfielder salutes the home crowd after netting the equaliser.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, Exeter Crown Court heard.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
A mother and child remain missing after their car was swept into a flooded creek in eastern Kentucky.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County.
Around 11:30 a.m., they were swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of the region.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at Sea Pines Resort.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' Masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket.
Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's Daily Online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was evicted from his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
Mr Keenan's father Keith, 62, was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment, scabies and dementia.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece.
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted obnoxious message on police's Facebook page.
Said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
He was arrested in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, hours later.
Only 32% of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
More than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played as a non-competing marker with Mcilroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year.
McIlroy wrote Knox a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to classical music knowledge over 30 years.
He said modern audience'might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago'
Radio 3 has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
He had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old.
Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli's skull when he's older.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in 2014.
This was 14% down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest in Europe's top five leagues.
The Hoops winger also scored as Chris Ramsey's side drew 3-3 with Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Phillips is level with Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne when it comes to laying on goals for his team-mates.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
The victory is the latest vindication for Louis van Gaal's methods.
Van Gaal has been dropping hints about his philosophy all season.
Marouane Fellaini, Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao have all been made to sit on the bench.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered inquiry into memo.
Claims SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants Cameron to win General Election.
Ms Sturgeon claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's every day lives.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years, while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
The pair work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB, Macquarie Bank, PwC, kikki,K, Sportsgirl, Commonwealth Bank, Hewlett Packard and Mercedes Benz.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, 93, was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won Olympic gold in 1980.
Presenter Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to the motoring show.
He took to Twitter to announce that he would not 'quit my mates'
The announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation, fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain ice hockey debut at the World Championships.
The 20-year-old forward sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
He is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Police raided Christine Carriage's one-bedroom bungalow in November 2013.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
The 67-year-old was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
President Tomislav Nikolic was flying to Italy when plane began tumbling.
Co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence'
The plane landed safely back in Belgrade but Nikolic had to cancel visit.
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police.
Officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters and fished him out early Friday morning.
He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres.
It's incredible slope, which has a gradient of 6.1% on Shimane Prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on Tottori Prefecture, gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance.
John Clarkson, 55, from Preston, Lancashire, created the 'Pie-egg-ra' dish.
It is served with a side of chips at a price of £2.75 at Mr Eaters Fish and Chips.
The savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers who have taken to dipping chips into the Creme Egg yolk like traditional toast soldiers.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40.
Rutherford, who is a German citizen residing in France, was deported from the U.S. over allegations of visa fraud.
A California court ruled two years ago that the children should live in France with Griesch, who she divorced in 2010 after four years of marriage.
She has filed for bankruptcy with $2million in debt after spending all her earnings from Gossip Girl on legal fees and flights to France to see her children.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving to Tottenham.
Pochettino has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both clubs.
The Argentine has scored 31 goals in all competitions this season.
England beat West Indies by 340 runs in the first Test at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gary Ballance scored a century in only his ninth match for England.
Alastair Cook's side set a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
JJ Watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season.
On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap.
The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own.
As everyday life gets more stressful and homes get smaller, women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven.
But while most men might be content with a leaky old shack made of rotting timber, female customers are looking for a home away from home.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
Lioness eventually locked on to the giraffe's throat to kill it.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager who can turn those fortunes around.
Scholes believes former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann captured the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
A third Arctic fox lurked nearby and began to growl and howl at the pair.
Wiggling free, the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state.
The beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter, the accessories less shiny.
Gold and silver bars were loaded onto former Irish Sea ferry in 1942.
It was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for arms shipped to Russia.
But as delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
The incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen's engineers.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica.
The 23-year-old is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp.
Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
It was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Bergen-Belsen.
German president Joachim Gauck said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
American Airlines have introduced new 'indie' cabin playlists.
The new music features rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier.
It comes on heels of unfavourable customer feedback.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.
Real estate agent Tony Keegan said the Melbourne-based former owners were desperate to sell the property, which resulted in the million-dollar bargain.
New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up.
House-prices across New Zealand are on the rise, with the average in Auckland around $766,000.
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada.
One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Another person was checked at the scene.
Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League since the turn of the year.
Allardyce feels the season as a whole has been a success.
Wayne Heneker was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern.
He parked his vehicle and got out to deliver thousands of dollars to the Highland Park Tavern.
When he noticed a man approaching him wearing a motorcycle helmet, Mr Heneker shot the man three times.
It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague.
Mr Heneker said he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Andres Iniesta scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 Champions League quarter-final win.
The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal this season.
Neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season.
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick against Dundee United on Sunday.
The 24-year-old has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for Celtic.
Garcia is currently on trial for offensive behaviour at football.
Lalit Verma 'launched into furious assault on boy named only as Shiva'
Alleged beating so severe that the child complained of stomach ache.
Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Spurs have won just one of their last four Premier League matches.
Sam Vokes and Ben Davies were part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie.
Davies insists there can be no quarter given if he gets the chance of a first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR.
Some of the more comical adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century.
With wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them.
The ad brains behind the ads are clearly convinced it will sell more Dubonnet, a wine-based aperitif.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands.
The pair were involved in a disagreement last week.
Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats if they lose to the Swans.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old has struggled to make an impact in midfield this season.
He was given just four out of 10 marks by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his midfielder in the Premier League.
Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney, 39, is documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery.
He started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
Daniel is working with a therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was easily tracked down after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes.
Officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf, and are used for racing and transport.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Eating approximately 50g of peanut kernels a day could improve the gut microflora and would help to protect against foodborne illnesses caused by common foodborne bacterial pathogens.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
'I said, "What? Is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into.
Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Hagerstown police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The win takes them six points clear at the top of Super League.
Leeds have now played every other team in Super League this season.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month at Hampden.
The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Former Rangers chairman and manager Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
King has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom.
Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come.
Deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.
She said the policy, to be unveiled in Labour’s women's manifesto, would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Yaya Toure was accused of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick that killed off Manchester City's hopes of salvaging something from Selhurst Park on Monday.
The City midfielder was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher feels the City midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner.
Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone over the last year.
But some have questioned whether she has taken things too far.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan, and Marnie Simpson have all lost weight.
Dr Marilyn Glenville said there is a lot of pressure on women in the media to try and stay thin.
Timothy Norris-Jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions.
59-year-old told police injuries were caused when she fell and he accidentally 'caught her face' when he went to catch her in November last year.
He was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford, Surrey.
Judge Noel Lucas, sentencing, branded the attack 'horrific'
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation.
During a consultation in the woman's house on October 25, 2012, Mr Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language.
The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
Mr Dewar initially denied any of the
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League.
Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle.
Thomas is free to take up the short-term coaching role with Delhi until April 16.
Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's daughters were targeted by online predator.
Ms Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself, posing as Abbie.
Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has never won the Champions League trophy as a player.
Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg against Chelsea.
PSG beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the French League Cup final.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications.
He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, from 'intra-abdominal sepsis'
Coroner Ian Arrow said Mr Dawe's health was compromised by the assault.
Richard Attenborough's possessions are going up for sale at Bonhams.
The actor-director's treasured possessions will be up for auction.
He was an avid collector and the lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches.
One of the most prized items is the cane used by Hammond in Jurassic Park.
Man impregnated his daughter when she was just a teenager, court told.
He then raped her repeatedly until she became pregnant in bid to terminate pregnancy.
When she refused to tell authorities who the father of the baby was they ordered a paternity test.
The pair fled but were apprehended by police and the man taken into custody.
Judge Stuart Rafferty QC said: 'You took your daughter's life'
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the 2011 shooting in Stockwell.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine.
Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in Croydon, south London.
He and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home.
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, has bravely waived her right to anonymity.
She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words.
'Because of you, my body is now worthless to me. You took away all of my control,' she said.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 in their Serie A clash on Saturday.
Mohamed Salah and Alessandro Diamanti scored for the hosts.
Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard the news.
Sevilla will take on Fiorentina in the Europa League semi-finals.
Napoli take on Dnipro in the other semi-final on May 27.
Serie A side Sevilla will face the other Italian side in the final.
James Webster targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
The 35-year-old was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving the bag closer to his victim.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face prison.
But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3' and 'wife' because she's married.
'Fat' is just another self-descriptor for her, who insists that the word doesn't have to be used as a synonym for 'ugly'
Studies show the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them.
The Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments.
Melt Room, which only serves toasties - or'melts' - will open its doors in May.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give the Catalans the lead.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the game through suspension.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Anthony Mann pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
The 78-year-old stabbed his wife to death after she begged him to end his life.
He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House in Blackpool.
Volunteer worker claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain charity's trust.
But he admitted stealing laptop and TomTom sat nav from charity in 2012.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed'
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour supporter.
The announcement of the new names will heap pressure on Labour.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Freddie Hussey was killed when a trailer came loose from a passing Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey had just dropped her eight-year-old son Archie to school.
The trailer mounted pavement and crushed Freddie against a wall in Bedminster.
Police found trailer had not been correctly attached to Land Rover but driver Tony Davies avoided jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
His sentence infuriated Mrs Hussey and Freddie's father Scott, 37, who blasted his punishment of a six-month driving ban and
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
Police say each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.
The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday and will reappear in court on June 10.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes in west London.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million.
The gang were undeterred by security systems, police said.
If they found valuables locked in a safe they would simply cut it out.
During one raid they made off with a £20,000 Mini Cooper along with £13,000.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit.
He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - died in the collision.
The couple in the Cleo, Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai, also suffered serious injuries.
Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving.
But he was convicted in February this year after a four-day trial.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual, according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by Visa.
Budget for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler, that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple query: Will you go to prom with me?
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators.
They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH cup.
It features removable cookies that sit inside a pocket within the bra.
Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection.
Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus.
He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night.
Rolling Stone will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store, with support for devices from iPhone 4S models or later.
The free app also intuitively streams Spotify tracks that match the runner's interests based on their preferred playlists, artists and genres.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme.
The Manchester United striker enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid.
Rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the football pitch.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
English cricket has shown distrust for anyone who does not conform or fit into a safe stereotype.
The 22-year-old man accused of stabbing Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub.
He then turned on Katrine Saltara, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm.
Another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also stabbed in the
Gemma, 34, has launched her updated fashion range for Evans.
She showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores.
The TOWIE star has taken inspiration from the catwalks and is keen to show her fans that you don't have to be size six to rock a fashion trend.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United have held talks with Burnley about a summer deal.
Liverpool maintain an interest in the 22-year-old.
Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday night.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
His parent club Chelsea are opening talks with him over a new deal.
Bamford is one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge.
Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton in the summer after failing to make the grade.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is hoping his side can cause an upset.
Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for his style of football.
The Portuguese have been boosted by the return of Jackson Martinez.
Oscar-winning actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014, aged 63.
He had been suffering from Lewy body dementia, a common form of dementia.
The day before his death, he stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend.
Also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Post-mortem examination later revealed that he had been diagnosed with LBD.
But pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd says his online activity suggested he knew'something else was wrong with him'
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program.
It teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code.
The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside'
Leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire.
He sent a text to a relative saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down'
The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
With simple and sensible tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms.
Warming then cooling the flowers 'hardens' them for longer-lasting freshness.
Don't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits produce ethylene, which rots nearby plants and fruits.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months.
The elderly woman's son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.
But after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager.
Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving Dortmund at the end of the season.
The 41-year-old Tuchel has carved a name for himself at German club Mainz.
Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his current deal at Old Trafford.
Manchester United will field offers of around £10million from West Ham, Southampton and Lazio.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
He has written an enlightening account of his time with the club.
The Glazers' takeover of Manchester United was met with huge protests.
Nayani says the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The 39-year-old admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
Police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out. He's definitely loaded'
But apparently ignoring his advice, Rapiejko overtakes the officer's car.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Shocking footage comes as police across America are under scrutiny for racially profiling African-American suspects and using excessive violence against them.
Luis Suarez admitted he was nervous at playing alongside Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side take on Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
But Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38.
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June.
On Day 2 of his insanity trial, a forensic psychiatrist testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Dr Doug Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that he was '
Kim Sears watched Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson.
The 27-year-old artist wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun.
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack'
The 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking the drug.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award from Manchester United.
Mata scored both goals as United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield.
The attacking midfielder also produced an impressive display against Tottenham.
Louis van Gaal's side return to action against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house in Moss Side, Manchester.
He then raped her as she walked to a youth club in October 2009.
The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed.
Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Today Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him.
A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night.
Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February and has only just returned to the first-team.
Holland international has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February.
Adnan Januzaj, Tyler Blackett, Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira also featured for United.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels were wiped out in England and Wales.
Disease, habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels blamed for decline in reds.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after her death.
He wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume.
Inquest heard he had'settled back in well' after returning to school.
The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’ not a Russian sub.
The collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna.
He was expressionless as the verdict against him, which included up to 62 years in prison for kidnapping, burglary, and abuse of a corpse, was read in October.
Prosecutors argued he hatched the kidnapping plot to pay for a gambling habit.
They said he committed the crime after losing at least $15,000 at a casino.
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airline confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident was the second of the day for Dublin Airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off.
Ben Gibson is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club.
The 22-year-old was sacked by Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson.
Steve Gibson has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Gibson is a lifelong Boro fan and will be part of Gareth Southgate's England squad for this summer's Euros.
Banned from every Birmingham boozer for drink-driving, riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of 'complete incompetence'
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
They form part of the UK Midlands Collection, which covers a 400 year period and contains more than 21 million records.
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in violent clash in east London.
Driver of white BMW accelerated and hit the other man in broad daylight.
He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
The 25-year-old was taken to hospital as a precaution and arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into a colourful and cosy castle-home.
They wanted to ensure that, while in travel mode, the house would meet minimum road requirements.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking.
It also features a lounge area and dining table, complete with a fold out baby chair for Piko.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball-style trick shot on Twitter.
The 36-year-old hit the ball as it was dropped from a height.
Watson finished T-38 at the Shenzhen International.
Two 'unemployed rich kids' caused a major traffic accident in central Beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars.
The spectacular crash on Saturday wrote a green Lamborghini off and wrecked a red Ferrari.
Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.
Chinese internet users speculate that the pair had been 'drag racing', which is illegal in China.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club ahead of The Masters 2015.
Woods was joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
The former World No1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over Rafael Nadal.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate'
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were ‘riddled with loopholes’
Under proposals, landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday.
The pair have been stalwarts of the English game for the past decade.
Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the current season.
Lampard will meet up with new MLS franchise New York City FC.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
The headteacher was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures.
He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after Karin Rowsell's departure.
Chairman Tony Hyams-Parish said: 'This was not an easy decision'
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago.
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
A frozen world, similar to Earth, that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life.
John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation.
The Magpies suffered a fifth successive derby defeat at the Stadium of Light.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a 1-0 victory.
It was Sunderland's third Premier League win of the season.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first innings back in the team.
Trott last played a Test for his country in November 2013.
He withdrew from England's disastrous Ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping, but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Police have told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at Anderlecht.
Kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before moving to England.
Michelle Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
Knight was signing copies of her memoir, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle.
The large birds swoop down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws.
At first the fox attempts to fight back, growling viciously at the advancing eagle, but as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Eagles.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost seven in a row against Palace.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
Alexis Sanchez has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
The Arsenal forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular player'
Arsenal have reached the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday.
Supporters hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of Newcastle United.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself.
But just hours later he was fighting for his life at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth.
He had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button.
Despite doctors and nurses battling to save him, he was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after.
His death has devastated his parents Shannon, 17, and Kris Adams, 19.
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are the focus of an investigation into a 'felony aggravated assault'
The 25-year-old twins and three others allegedly assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex on Saturday, January 24.
Hood, 36, told police he sent a text telling the twins' mother, Thomasine Morris, he'd 'always be there for her' and that another friend, Julius Kane, 25, saw the message and concluded their relationship was sexual in nature.
The Morris twins have denied assaulting Hood, but
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
It was designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market.
Now it accounts for two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain.
A majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan and, increasingly, the US too.
Luke Rockhold faces Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday.
Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago.
The Californian is also coming off a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
They say eye spots do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since joining in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Duke of York inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting girls' refuge.
He came up with idea less than an hour after leaving home run by Women’s Interlink Foundation.
Founder Aloka Mitra was working for Andrew's former friend Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire.
Girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity.
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Sky Sports' petty refusal to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy doesn’t mean that an Arsenal legend will not do the honours.
Gary Neville was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for a birthday party in honour of Nicky Butt's wife Shelly.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests.
This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
He was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Police say that he saw the javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
But the forecast for Easter Saturday isn't looking very promising across Australia, according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Cairns, Hobart and Melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season.
AS focus on Real's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
Tuttosport have an exclusive interview with Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday night.
City will ask about Raheem Sterling's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him.
The Premier League champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by-election.
Ukip source said: 'It is not looking easy for Mark, but we are hopeful the figures are misleading'
But another source added: 'We aren't that bothered because Reckless isn't particularly popular'
Chelsea are interested in signing West Ham striker Enner Valencia.
Jose Mourinho has earmarked the Ecuadorian in January.
Chelsea are also interested in Raheem Sterling and Loic Remy.
Wellington put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
The massive scale festival saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city.
More than 60 vendors were on hand on Saturday to serve food on the streets.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville.
The 38-year-old will manage England at the World Cup in Australia.
Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers.
She says she was never dazzled by the success her brothers enjoyed at Manchester United.
Ryanair shared a photo of two staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2.
Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport, whereas Aer Lingus flies from Terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3.
Atletico's two banks of four are very good at closing the space down for Bale, Ronaldo and Benzema.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Dortmund are certain to miss out on a place in the Champions League next season while they may not even qualify for the Europa League.
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
No current evidence indicates that the mother was a 'victim of foul play,' but authorities have not ruled out the possibility.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was just 16 when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'
She has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism, and suicide.
Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
In both books, she describes her childhood as chaotic.
Both of her parents were alcoholics, and she recalls their loud fights during which she played the peacemaker and tried to pick up the pieces.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court.
This means the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court, where people could face up to 10 years for that offence.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross on January 3.
His legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack, with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs)
Was told by doctors she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight.
But her mother continued to buy her fatty foods.
Says: 'Life is miserable, I hurt all the time'
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham, North Carolina.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
Authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week while his 12-month notice period runs down.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Alan Pardew believes Sunderland fans should concentrate on his side.
Palace are currently 11th in the Premier League table.
Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
'Babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' she said.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with 1-0 win at Elche.
Espanyol beat Villarreal 3-0 to extend their winless streak to six games.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in the video announcing Hillary Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job.
But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen.
Chelsea Clinton, 35, has finally revealed what happened to her once-unruly curls in the latest issue of Elle magazine.
The former White House resident spoke of her relationship with Oscar de la Renta, who passed away in October.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman.
Murray is in Munich for this week's BMW Open.
The percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent in the past 10 years.
In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago.
But in the Asia Pacific region, Jakarta, Indonesia also performed well.
Nigel Farage said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking.
He also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
Ukip leader said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can'
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
The 25-year-old has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
St Etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Wood has sought advice from former Durham and England fastler Steve Harmison.
Amir Khan posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
The 28-year-old boxer splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps.
Mr Khan was convicted eight years ago for driving without due care.
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California.
It measures a whopping 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after four minutes.
Ross McCormack equalised for the visitors in the 67th minute.
Steve Evans' side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring for Juventus in the 21st minute.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Alvaro Morata was sent off for a rash challenge on Alessandro Diamanti.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem to start for Barca against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and finishing in the top four.
The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team by cutting a more commanding figure.
Greg Dyke was given one of a limited edition Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA.
The watch was handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million.
Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care, so that it could be auctioned.
FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch and has closed proceedings on the matter.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins.
They will be available on its 737 family of planes.
The bins can hold six standard-sized bags - two more than the current set-up.
So far two airlines – Delta and Alaska – have ordered the new bins.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions.
Jim Rodwell’s departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place.
QPR are facing Football League fines of up to £50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January.
The Dutch winger has one year left on his contract at Feyenoord.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate Jordy Clasie.
Flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles took off at 3.52pm on Monday.
The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
A ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold after the plane landed.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out.
You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack.
Pete Evans' Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way was dumped by Pan Macmillan.
It was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
The cookbook, which was supposed to be released last Month, was delayed before being cancelled completely by publishers.
Paelo Way co-authors Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of the chef's decision to release the book independently.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence.
But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing SNP pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory.
The model is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester, where it will serve as the centrepiece.
Chancellor and husband spend Easter on island of Ischia, near Naples.
Prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for more expensive suites.
Mrs Merkel has reportedly hired a personal Pilates trainer.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled around the world using money from mortgage fraud scam.
He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
The pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010, including a trip to Dubai, United Arab Emirates, in 2009.
Allen was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering.
Judge Stephen Kramer QC today ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as proceeds of crime.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother.
'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes. 'I'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks I'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms'
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell.
Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed that those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
If they had resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 if they had not spent any of the cash.
Franck Ribery has dismissed reports linking Kevin de Bruyne with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for Arjen Robben.
De Bruyne has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 – seven more than the next best.
Ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old Belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under Pep Guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the Holland winger.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct.
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property.
However, they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape.
This is particularly interesting because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Madison Brengle of the United States upset Petra Kvitova.
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna.
But it's not better for your pocket if manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on cost saving to consumers.
The trophy room at Sandringham was a relic of a bygone era.
Now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the Queen's Norfolk estate.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage.
Fred Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
Pagan, 49, has worked for Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old.
He is charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and one count of importing a controlled substance.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, apologized for his 'offensive' comments in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com.
He said the singer and new mom could'stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Clarkson, who coincidentally spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show the same day, is married to talent manager Brandon Blackstock.
Following Friday's interview, Wallace's fellow Fox News anchor, 60-year-old Greta Van Susteren, almost immediately took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure.
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung.
'We are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage,' the company said in a statement.
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods (lots of leafy greens) and exercising.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
McGowan was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
Dundee boss Paul Hartley fears playing McGowan could see him break his curfew and end up in prison.
Hartley admits the only game in which McGowan would be able to safely feature is the final-day derby at Tannadice which kicks off at 12.30pm on May 24.
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased Justus down the street before opening fire, according to a spokesman for Zion Police.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
But despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Shortly after her visit on April 7, Bradford's father died of heart failure.
Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season.
The Argentine wants to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe' again.
Celtic lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in the play-off round in August.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 feathers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
But they say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed yesterday by David Cameron.
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.
The Alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging tourists to consult the guide before travelling.
While most resorts are categorised as 'low risk,' several top name hotels have been included on the Alliance's list of those to avoid.
WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral.
Footage of the incident shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.
The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
David Beckham, wife Victoria and two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
Romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the Kensington and Chelsea region.
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is lining up a tilt at the Tory leadership.
The London Mayor has'suddenly realised' that his main political rivals are lining themselves up to take over the top job.
Comes just weeks after Mr Cameron revealed he would stand down as Prime Minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube.
It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth.
He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'
As Jason's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst, he emits loud cries of pain.
Dr Arun Ghosh, a private GP in Liverpool, condemned Jason's method.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
But the 'horrendous' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse.
Belinda is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters tonight.
She is to warn of dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
The Labour leader said the Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of the PM's Libya policy.
Former defence secretary Liam Fox said Miliband was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'
Former foreign secretary William Hague said Miliband's remarks represented ‘a new low in shallow opportunism’
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November.
The 11-year-old can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over.
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
Stuart Dallas gave Brentford the lead just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Cauley Woodrow saw two presentable opportunities go begging before Seko Fofana could only skew an effort wide.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job.
But he was stopped at the airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster.
Stun gun was capable of causing victim to'startle and repel'
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo was serving six years for burglary.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero and Marouane Fellaini scored for Louis van Gaal's side.
Gary Neville believes United are getting closer to being 'the real deal'
Neville believes United could have considered seven points a good result.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities.
Sterling scored the opener in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle.
The 20-year-old has been pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe.
Rodgers said that Sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible on Wednesday.
O'Sullivan had trouble with his shoes during his first round match.
The 39-year-old won by a comprehensive margin but didn't hit top form.
Mohammed Emwazi planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia before joining ISIS.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million.
Tony Pulis has held conversations with Peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Danielle Jones, 33, and husband Darrel, 44, got married on Good Friday.
Take That superfan Gary Barlow dropped in at reception to sing 'A Million Love Songs'
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked singer to perform.
But he secretly replied to them saying 'let's do this' on condition they kept it secret.
Mrs Jones said: 'I'm still on cloud nine, I can't believe it happened'
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson, who is co-ordinating the Nationalists’ General Election campaign, has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003.
Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty.
Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton.
The 21-year-old came off the bench in England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Roberto Martinez is backing Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear.
The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
He could face 25 years in jail if convicted.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday.
Came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worcesterhire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the pensioner fall to the pavement.
He parked and rushed over to help, but the warden put a £70 ticket on his windscreen.
Mr Hinshead initially tore up the ticket and threw it in the bin.
But he later retrieved it and said he was punished for trying to do something good.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender has undergone successful surgery.
Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move.
Devine, a dentist, was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy.
The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
The bill will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 goals for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
Henry scored 26, Eto'o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen will play Max Branning's new love interest Carin Smart.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has also signed up.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Poston's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it.
Leonie Granger, 25, lured Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his 'pitiless and wicked' death.
The care assistant lured him with a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
After going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged in his Miami home two days after his high school photo was taken.
The 65-year-old dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones, sunken eyes and platinum blond hair.
His High School photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame, fortune and fillers.
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure.
In one instance, Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a June 2010 speech in Moscow funded by an investment bank with ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin, but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
The clip of Stephens, who had previously been arrested for cocaine, was released as part of a lawsuit against the sheriff's office.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much all season for Liverpool.
John O'Shea has learned the art of letting his brain do all the running.
Steven Caulker's form has suffered from playing with too many different partners at QPR but there are signs the former Spurs and Cardiff centre half is returning to his best.
Chelsea need few fears if Diego Costa's hamstring problems mean they have to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games.
Sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a synthetic version of the chemical.
Single dose of the drug, known as Sulforadex or SFX-01, is equivalent to 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket despite the pair's chequered past.
'Of course I could,’ said Moores in St Kitts on Thursday.
Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton, the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ‘outstanding coach of his generation’
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool.
The former Tottenham boss was in fine form as pundit for the game.
Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend the former England boss.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year.
Each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life and limb.
His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, entered Lance, his older brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven, into competitions all over the US.
Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR, the professional bull riders' association, are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: 'It's only fair that men should have it all'
The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th or until sold out.
The department store stocks top end Australian labels including Alex Perry, Toni Maticevski, Lisa Ho as well as international labels Balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
The 35-year-old walked into police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article.
Steve Spowart spent six hours helping to rescue five horses from flood waters in Maitland, NSW.
The horses had become tangled in barbed wire and were ankle deep in water on Tuesday morning.
He paddled out to where the horses were stranded, with concentration etched on his face, before diving down into the freezing water to cut it.
In one photo, a startled brown horse attempts to flee as he is kicked backwards into the water.
It will be a few weeks before the horses can return to the fields.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri ended up at each other's throats when the party went sour.
According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol, dragging their group of friends into the conflict.
Bystanders uploaded cell phone footage of the ugly brawl to social media.
Three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl, which injured four security guards and a police officer.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV.
He persuaded victim to change her will so he could reap benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study published in the journal Conservation Letters says.
Andy King's 86th minute winner kept Leicester City's Premier League survival alive.
Nugent had the chance to all but secure Leicester City victory but the striker missed from the spot.
Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate made it 1-1 after 12 minutes with a spectacular effort from Esteban Cambiasso.
West Ham have not won away from home since December 2nd and are seven points from safety.
The family of three arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem.
The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour.
Kimye is reportedly hoping to host the ceremony at the Eiffel Tower.
Nathan is attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester City.
The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Lucas Piazon is on loan at Eintracht Frankfurt.
Juventus lost 2-1 to local rivals Torino in Serie A derby on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick but couldn't stop his side.
Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval.
Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with ​it'
In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride.
She told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home.
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her Coventry home to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
She then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade.
Malsbury was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
The driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Chris Ramsey was handed the manager's job until the end of the season.
Ramsey stepped up from his youth development role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February.
The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game.
Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo.
The 728kg monster, the work of grower Dale Oliver, was the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia.
Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
He suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital but died two weeks later.
The veteran of D-Day, the RAF’s Battle of Berlin bombing campaign and night sorties all over Europe was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands.
She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program.
Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans have reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Tori Spelling was at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, when she tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill.
She shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm.
The 41-year-old was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Photos on her Instagram and Facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games.
The winger is expected to miss the Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man, an 18-year old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
The German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
Cruz was referring at that time to Eric Holder's Justice Department's decision to look the other way when it comes to minor drug offenses across the
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
Referee Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners.
Mayweather recently revealed he is within three pounds of the welterweight limit.
A surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections.
If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have baby at private Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death.
The 50-year-old sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27.
She urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day.
But it was never received and McCarthy was found guilty of murder.
He will be sentenced on May 1 after being found guilty at Norwich Crown Court.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.
The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
She died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medical teams.
Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and her ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today.
The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
The 21-year-old has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
Dr Habeeb Latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients.
The 48-year-old allegedly told them to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling.
Instead he allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
Patients had booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room, forcing you to get out of bed.
The app is due to be released in June and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $8, or £5.48.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in early hours of March 30.
She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
But she was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs.
Her cousin has claimed she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying it was spiked.
The gorilla was standing at the back of the enclosure when he decided enough was enough.
He launched himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at the little girl, hitting the glass with such force it cracks.
The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer affecting 70 per cent of patients.
These ‘oestrogen receptor’ cancers are currently tackled using hormonal treatments such as tamoxifen to reduce oestrogen levels or block ER function.
Ashley Shupe claims her son Kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.
It was a reaction to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student in his class at Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County, Tennessee.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from teaching.
She referred to Asian job applicant as a member of the terror group.
Also talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
Panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions.
It said she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo'
Gloriavale is a New Zealand Christian community where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
A former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations.
Police are urging anyone with evidence of abuse to come forward.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes in Arsenal's 4-1 win over Stoke City.
The England midfielder has been out of action since November.
Wilshere has set his sights on FA Cup semi-final with Reading and Premier League clash with Manchester United.
Porsche 911 Carrera crushed by builder's lorry in suburban street in Nottingham.
Both vehicles caught in traffic after cyclist was injured on nearby road.
Police said there were no life-threatening injuries reported and cyclist taken to hospital with minor leg injury.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
The Sky Sports pundit questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud playing as their main striker.
Francis Coquelin has hit back at Henry and insists Giroud is worthy of his place in the first team.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
Boehning claims he was targeted for voting against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Switzerland is the happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia, which are unsurprisingly among the wealthiest on the planet too.
Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
The now 83-year-old said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her.
'Shell didn't have any tattoos but I'd like to think she'd have a smile to herself if she saw them,' she said.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, they were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move away from Wolfsburg.
The Belgian midfielder is wanted by a host of clubs.
De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal is in place.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce.
The Poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes.
There were fears that the 30-year-old had suffered a heart attack.
But he appears to have given the all-clear following tests.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013.
Public Health and school district officials said they do not have reason
Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive.
The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education, which is now failing to give students value.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, during a botched sting on April 2.
Memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
TV star said he 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in game of'snog, marry or avoid'
Comes after group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled.
Dubbed themselves the 'Milifans' the mostly teenage girls rallied support for the opposition leader using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Eloise Parry 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol, or DNP.
She began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital.
Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona, 51, has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The stunning set of images was taken in a forest near Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It was taken by body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who has been painting for more than 20 years.
He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit, making the model even harder to view.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found.
The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma.
His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had made a'miracle' recovery.
She said: 'I'm in shock and it still hasn't hit me that this actually happened'
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
United were last above City after an equal amount of games on November 23, 2013.
This occurred after City's defeat at Sunderland and Robin van Persie's header gave United a 1-0 win vs Arsenal.
But United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - after the same number of games prior to Monday.
They'll look to extend their one point gap to four with victory in the derby on Sunday.
Ashley Graham, 27, is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign.
She says that growing up, she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez.
AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave.
The 40-year-old rider has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday.
Redgrave famously said: ‘Anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me’
McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start shift with Welsh Ambulance Service.
Was caught doing 105mph in 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike.
Pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
But began weaving web of lies after asking judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm.
Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
She was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
Mutombo was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
He played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday.
The Spaniard has a year remaining on his contract in Germany.
A quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers to let him go this summer.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin (at a very good average of 27) and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
He was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
Their journey to Argeles-sur-Mer on France’s Mediterranean coast went without a hitch, despite being in the minority of travellers flying.
But the fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it.
It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Estate agents say there has been a huge increase in valuations because of announcement.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has closed its doors after receiving abusive phone calls and trolled online.
Owner Kevin O'Connor said he would refuse to serve gay weddings under new religious freedom laws.
The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements, attracting hundreds of one star reviews.
Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the embattled owners via a fundraising page in just one day.
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano.
The Welshman was pictured taking part in training on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday.
Bale scored Real's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries.
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait, here are Will's picks.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
But she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday.
The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC’s Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin.
The man's girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will not be sold this summer.
The Gunners believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal.
But can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction?
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Lib Dem leader sets out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and £3 billion cut from welfare.
But he mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from welfare budget.
Mr Clegg warned it was 'quite simply impossible' to find savings on that scale without causing'real pain to millions of families' and some of the most vulnerable people.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
The Tottenham striker is up against the likes of Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize at the awards ceremony on Sunday.
California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
Tesla's billionaire founder last month fuelled speculation by saying it 'not a car' and added the product will be revealed at the company's California, Design Studio on April 30 at 8pm PT.
The £260,000 GT was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday.
It walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception.
The artwork was composed by Ford designers who worked on the concept.
Bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction to the car.
Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator said'mistakes like this happen' before apologizing to the Republican strategist.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
The radio host said it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors.
Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
The theme park, which opened in 1979, once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country.
The A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at the mansion.
Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction.
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
The couple bought the grand property in Holland Park for £31.5 million in 2013.
Burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets.
Sean Dyche has urged Ings to play with a smile and the goals will flow.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Both boxers made public appearances on Tuesday as their $300million showdown draws closer.
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell looks ahead to the rest of the week.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up and the teen died at the hospital several hours later.
Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol, tracked by the nation's top security agencies.
Officials feared harming tourists on the National Mall if they tried to shoot him down, senior lawmakers said Wednesday.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
The crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines.
Police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of rugby player Greg Gibbins.
It is believed the incident may have been related to an earlier incident.
Mr Gibbbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night before they went to a nearby eatery where he was stabbed in the chest.
Police said that they believe the attack was 'unprovoked' and described him as being 'good citizen who had been behaving himself'
A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, has also been arrested.
The father of six was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on April 7.
The Shire of Montana gives guests the chance to live like Bilbo Baggins for just under $300 (£200) a night.
The guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house.
It has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors.
FA chairman Greg Dyke has proposed increasing the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
Wenger’s transfer record shows in his bid to save the Premier League from English mediocrity he has signed
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory.
They tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
The invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain, the researchers say.
A number of pages have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.
They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
The discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Sir James Dyson is investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Scientists at Stanford University are hoping that their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with its ability to fully charge in under a minute.
The Greek island of Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
Former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism.
Jack Grealish has become the third Premier League star to be caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 19-year-old midfielder inspired Aston Villa to their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
Grealish is at the centre of a tug-of-war between England and the Republic of Ireland.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma.
Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse.
Muskogee police said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
ISIS entered Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country.
Militants reportedly entered the camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Iraqi forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling after months of ISIS pressure.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever.
This year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
The campaign showcases clothes from Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley.
Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Kylie Minogue, Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Farrell says England are in great shape ahead of the tournament.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development and watched on-loan Gary Gardner score.
Fabian Delph is arguably Villa's most important player and he's become a real leader.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
Costa is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.
The British royal, who is currently working in New York, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie.
At the end of last month, the young royal celebrated her 25th birthday.
In the middle of a Palace function, Prince Andrew whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game at Wembley.
Grealish is quick but has a languid style, like Steve McManaman.
Leicester have won three games in a row - a winning streak only Arsenal (8) and Chelsea (4) can beat.
Winning the FA Cup would have been the perfect send off for Steven Gerrard who is leaving Liverpool for LA Galaxy.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey.
He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists the Reds are not thinking too far ahead.
Liverpool last reached the final in 2012, when they lost to Chelsea.
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network.
It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan.
The Catholic was killed by loyalists in Northern Ireland in 1973.
His widow is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general, claiming he died because of 'negligence and misfeasance'
Sir Frank, who is now 88, said he had no connection to the case.
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby.
In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala.
The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April.
Leighton Baines is a big music fan and regularly attends gigs.
Everton defender is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner.
Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars play Uptown Funk.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on April 15.
Neymar feels his team's tie will prove a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, but when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after twins.
She had posted the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake' and has re-instated her account.
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night.
It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
Pastor John Hagee said the event was predicted in the Bible.
He said it could hint at a world-changing event, such as the return of Christ.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricket commentary box legend said that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but used the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads.
Benaud, who hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013, had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight.
He had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother in a botched murder-suicide.
Christopher Swist, the father of Lacey and Phillip, said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them nicknames to go by.
He called Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash'
The three children were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night.
The mother strangled the infant and drowned and str
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches.
The 34-year-old played for Bolton Wanderers and West Bromwich Albion.
He is standing trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu.
Both men deny conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.
It now lags behind Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and Co-operative.
Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the Montenegro forward.
But City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley at the end of the season.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert are also set to depart the club.
Liverpool have made their play for Ings but his concern has always been that he gets a fair chance of making a starting place.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton, as well as Serie A sides Roma and Inter Milan.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold with Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season.
Brendan Rodgers is hoping Depay will choose Liverpool as his next destination.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
A major turning point for gay people came in 2011 with the overturning of Dont Ask Don't Tell (DADT), a discouraging policy signed by Bill Clinton in 1993 that continued a ban on gay soldiers enlisting.
Of 50 Dartmouth College students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that Clinton would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Clinton's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice.
Top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
The 28-year-old Londoner poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses.
Harington, who plays Jon Snow on the HBO series, said he has been there for five years.
Tourism bosses say the show has helped Belfast become one of the most popular city break destinations in the UK.
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove a reference to them as'swindlers' from the world's benchmark Spanish dictionary.
The reference was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry that included a colloquial reference to a 'gypsy' as one 'who deceives or maneuvers to cheat'
The Gypsy Secretariat Foundation, which are leading the campaign, are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen.
The pair worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk was spoiled.
Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
Jessica Knight, four, has an appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
Doctors say they are unable to treat her because she has pica.
Other non-food items she devours include sand and cement from paving blocks.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, 100 miles south of Cairo.
It contains a recipe for how to tackle a 'drunken headache'
It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together.
The text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol.
But it is not known if it had any effect.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls of his four-storey home came crashing down around him.
His parents and older sister, aged 10, were outside when the tremor struck and desperately tried to free the little boy from the wreckage.
During the 22-hours that Sonit was trapped, his frantic mother said she tried everything to save her child.
But overstretched Nepalese troops arrived to finally embark on a coordinated rescue mission and rescued the boy.
Sonit survived only because a cupboard fell on top of him protecting him from the
Robert Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.
Durst's hands were shackled to his sides, and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river.
Mr Asbo was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Asbaby is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather, Asboy, and his father Asboy.
One resident said Asbaby'sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers'
Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace.
Rangers have faced both of his former teams in the league this term.
Murray's Dumbarton side are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier.
Tim Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Sherwood replied to a letter from six-year-old Charlie Pye.
Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked in February.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language.
The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on Monday and Tuesday.
It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich showed off a smart wristband to control robots.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
Intel also unveiled a tiny wearable computer, called Curie, that is the size of a small button.
It will help firms make smaller smartwatches and other wearables.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy.
Tragically, although for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive the radical procedure.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It is fifth death of cyclist in capital this year - all involving lorries.
Cyclists have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site today.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures.
On July 31 Nike will see their agreement with the club expire.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
United have kept hold of the rights as part of their huge deal with adidas.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters, who were attending a formal, threw beer off the balcony.
According to reports the police were called and the hotel security responded and some of the students involved were thrown out
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the Bogan Shire Council in western New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve.
The cheeky African elephant has subverted the resort's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
Features lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood.
'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said.
The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and daughter Story.
The fort included trap doors and a small slide, but city officials said it was 'waste material or junk'
Mr Trentelman says he will not contest the letter because he does not want to turn the fort into something negative.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football.
He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Kasper Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team(s) of the Season.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to progress to the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and forward star Marco Reus, both injured.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba.
The Italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the France international.
Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Billy Vunipola, Steffon Armitage and Nick Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award.
The Saracens No 8 was named man-of-the-match following his side's 33-10 demolition of Munster in round five of the European Champions Cup.
Armitage has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The study, which looked at data from 1914 to 2011, suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto.
And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, shown, revealing the dwarf planet and its moon Charon.
The blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come.
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
Mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin and can barely speak.
Her stomach regularly bloats with liquid, which is no longer being processed by her liver.
Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems.
Binge drinking is costing Britain £4.9bn every year - or £550,000 an hour.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl buried on Maroubra Beach.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed her body in order to give her a fitting farewell.
The couple were married last year and have three children between them.
They have raised enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
Police are also trawling through hospital and deaths, births and marriages records in the hope of identifying the baby.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, was overtaken by a truck on the St Petersburg ring road.
He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club.
Bazarov made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane.
But the truck sounded its horn and flashed by, clipping him and knocking him to the ground.
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream.
Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes.
But can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years?
The England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford has been defended by West Indies cricket legend Sir Curtly Ambrose.
Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series.
Stanford's five-year deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into the contract.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch.
Days later, she showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm.
She is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University.
Eight of Manchester United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including England internationals Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner and Frank Lampard.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at Old Trafford.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
Jacob would insist on changing his clothes 10 to 12 times a day, in an attempt to find something he felt comfortable in.
His parents bought him a blue 'doggy sweater' that he wore for six months straight - often over girlier dresses and tutus.
The Lemays decided to let Jacob transition, allowing him to wear boy clothes, cut his hair short, and refer to himself as a boy at home.
Early tests have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care.
Scientists found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.
Early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
In fact, sleepless night were the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He made 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from Parma.
An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at a golf course in Far North Queensland.
The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm.
Officers found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds being treated by customers.
They then received reports that victim had been dropped off in a white Audi.
But despite the best efforts of doctors, the 18 year-old died two hours later.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
Julie Sweet, 39, has lived alone for five years and has never been happier.
She is currently a Psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in Psychotherapy.
Airbnb rentals offer places that cater to interior decor of all tastes.
Rooms in Rye, Cumbria, feature dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents.
In the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression - and that included interior decor.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year.
‘Class A’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain.
The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015.
While drinking the water, the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour'
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
Staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work up to 78 hours a week.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
More than 60 per cent of Americans admit to being ashamed of their homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
Martha Stewart's home topped the list, while the Obamas' living area in the White House and Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's home placed second and third respectively.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga.
The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem.
Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed Benzema will miss the game.
Real are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Study claims natural variability in surface temperatures can account for increases and dips in warming rates.
But it adds that these so-called 'climate wiggles' could also cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated.
The Duke-led study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
John Barnes' view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by Ramsey.
Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue.
Sara Errani defeated Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart.
The Italian will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas in the second round.
Ana Ivanovic lost to Caroline Garcia for the third time this year.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
Italian media claimed Ms Moric tried to take her own life over the weekend.
Ms Moric told her fans that she was well and had no intention to end her life.
She said her boyfriend was in Naples at the time of the accident.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale in Cologne, Germany.
Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death sentence after killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'the fat' and 'fatty'
Bianca Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the Federal Court in Sydney heard.
The siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother, the richest person in Australia.
They want access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Carey Mulligan, 29, says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The actress, a patron of the Alzheimer's Society, said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Jose Mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the Goring Hotel in London.
The 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity, having received a personal invitation from the hotel.
Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London while he undertook a week-long tour of the Far East.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday one day after they were reported missing.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
Family of the Goslings are now trying to raise money for their funeral services, and have started a GoFundMe page.
New poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader.
Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: 'The only way Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP'
Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon claims she can help 'lead the UK'
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading Test wicket-taker in Antigua on Friday.
Anderson took 384th wicket of Denesh Ramdin to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Botham's record had been equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a 20lb rock.
The teenager's sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois.
Police say he had stolen a handgun from Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell it to him.
Officers say the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun.
They say Howell then pointed it at another teenager, who tried to snatch it.
Pet appeared in court Monday charged with aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Dr Mark Bellis is an honorary professor of public health at Bangor University.
He is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas about the history of nightlife.
It will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its domestic flights.
The move is part of a package that will also include free checked baggage.
Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
The two sides met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.
Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers.
When the flowers open their '­alabaster petals' they are positively regal.
Camellias are amazingly versatile.
You can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders in the Shell Houston Open.
The 27-year-old is playing in his first PGA Tour event.
Day is tied with Paul Casey and Justin Rose.
Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal.
Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal at Anfield.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights.
Passengers travelling on Channel Tunnel or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at Britain’s ports.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his torso.
Three Good Samaritans pulled over to try to extinguish the blaze - first using their hands, then hurling him into a snow bank.
Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, but died on Sunday.
Last month, Flowers's wife, Flora, said: 'He has bandages all over him. Just covered up with bandages and
Bricks fell nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m.
No one was injured during the accident but this minivan below the building was destroyed.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test against the West Indies on Monday.
Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record 383.
Former Burnley team-mate Michael Brown reveals Anderson's early days.
Dental kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops.
But more and more people are said to be buying kits to carry out their own dental work.
The price of receiving filling by a NHS dentist in England is as much as £52.
Experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence which suggests DIY dentistry is on the rise.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
For about 18 million Euros (about £13 million), the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
Hameau du Temple, located near Uzes, in the South of France, is the perfect Provencal family summer home.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour Party and its policies.
The boast comes only 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labour’s budget.
Unite gave Labour £737,948 out of the £1.1million the party raised this week – the second week of the election campaign.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Portland, Oregon, was found guilty of discriminating against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
They said during compensation hearings that they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children.
An administrative law court in Oregon ruled earlier this year that the Kleins' constitutional right to expression of their religious beliefs superseded Oregon state law against discrimination.
Video was taken of a skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers.
Two of the jumpers linked hands in mid-air as they free fall from the plane at 10,000 feet.
The camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground.
Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Georgina Bartter died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year.
Her friend Rebecca Hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death.
Police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug.
Mr Forti pleaded not guilty to three counts of supplying drugs and possessing MDMA at the Downing Centre Local Court on March 25 and will return to court in May.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers.
The 22-year-old could find himself leaving St James' Park at the end of the season.
Vuckic was deemed surplus to requirements to be shipped out in mass deal arranged when the previous board were still in place.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia.
The six-year-old suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
Incident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
Residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an Apple logo.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker.
Her Majesty attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today.
She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event.
The Queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion.
It was fashioned in the shape of the cap badge of The Calgary Highlanders.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
The left side of the pony's skull was caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was trying to reduce the fracture.
He punched patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head.
The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in 2012.
But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed.
That's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic.
Prof Peckitt claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face and denied any wrongdoing.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
He was on duty between May 16 and July 11, 1944 when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed'
Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths.
Survivors from Auschwitz, who are plaintiffs in the case, travelled from the United States, Canada, Hungary and elsewhere
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
France was second, followed by the US, Canada and UK.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President's HQ.
Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com.
Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend.
Schumacher Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
The 16-year-old finished second in the world, European and German kart championships last season.
He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race.
Le'Veon Bell will appeal the NFL's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
Former Steeler LeGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
Oulare is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are the current frontline spin options.
Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal after it was claimed they stole more than $50,000.
Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia.
They are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul.
Bobby Brown, 46, visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Bobby's second wife Alicia Etheredge-Brown - who is currently pregnant with the couple's
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, grew up together as boys.
The pair, who now live in Middlesbrough, were inseparable as children.
But as a young boy she realised she was gay and came out to her family.
Aged 12, she began dressing up in her sister's clothes in wigs.
When the pair finally reunited at his 21st birthday party he said he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
The Price is Right model Manuela Arbelaez gave away a $21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake.
The Colombian-born 26-year-old's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
She said: 'I went to this dark place, and I thought I'd get fired or it would be taken out of my paycheck'
Producers decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales.
May is charged with a single charge of murder and is accused to have killed his alleged victim at some point between April 20 and April 25.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
He posted a mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Gang posing as wealthy Italians built flat-pack wooden cabinet.
They planned to put real cash in briefcase and show it to jeweller.
Then, while a price was agreed, man in cabinet would switch case for counterfeit.
Gang would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on a conference room.
Officers found them assembling the cabinet at a hotel in Manchester city centre.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
He has developed what he claims is the ‘smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made'
Labour battling to fend off an SNP landslide in traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage.
Overall, average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition demanding the metal studs are removed.
McDonald's say they were installed to stop anti-social behaviour, not homeless.
Critics say they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
She explained that while she had been nervous about giving birth to Chelsea and the impending responsibility, 'as a new grandmother... there is nothing but joy'
Ann Price, owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta, has died at the age of 72.
The Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger' the best burger in America in 2007.
Price was known for her no-cursing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4.
Djokovic will face Andreas Haider-Maurer in the next round.
David Ferrer is also through after his opponent retired with a shoulder injury.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff to reach the third round.
The man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol.
Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
He stands for a number of seconds, shaking visibly, before he is brought to the ground by police at the scene.
Seven baby foxes were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park.
The cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were taken in.
They are being cared for by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center.
Vets at the center said they know the cubs are red foxes because of their white tales.
Charity Bite-Back says one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption.
Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as 'fish fin soup' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings at Aston Villa.
The 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
Luongo joined Spurs as a youngster and moved to Swindon as part of a relationship between the two clubs.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson and mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, all face felony conspiracy charges.
The GoFundMe page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend appealing for help for the Clawson family.
They pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter, claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery.
When shared by KESQ, the page had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
It is not clear how much money the page
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth.
Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl.
Smita Haval Khamitkar, 38, was shot dead along with her two sons Arnav, 10, and Arush, 6, at their Tulsa home on Wednesday.
The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought, authorities said.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing, with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros - £720 to £1,080 - to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
However, the boat was far more seaworthy than some of the
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
She said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
The 44-year-old married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year.
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's hard-to-find husband.
The images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
However it is unclear how many victims there were.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department.
The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
Residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town.
On Wednesday, the police department wrote an emotional goodbye to Zeus thanking him for keeping them safe.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from sexual health clinic nine years ago.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked patients without consent.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge will have his fitness monitored.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral.
The Spanish royals are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis is a regular Uber driver.
The 24-year-old is set to make $510,000 next season, according to NFL salary website Over The Cap.
Francis recently bought an impressive white Dodge Charger with black trim.
He will use the car to ferry passengers around Fort Lauderdale.
An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said Thursday.
Officials say the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building.
The noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
Controversial Sun columnist Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers and social justice groups.
She claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
'Make no mistake, these migrants are like cockroaches,' she said.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker.
Bedford Borough Council staff read an article recounting his exploits.
The 'experienced walker' had been attacked by cows on a 191-mile hike.
Gregory pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge.
He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours unpaid work.
Photos marking 50th anniversary of New York City's Landmarks Law look at the devastating architectural losses that led up to the law.
The law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978 following a campaign led by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Landmarks Preservation Commission was given mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Owners of properties given designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their York home with wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys.
Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies, while others from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer.
The couple admitted handling stolen goods and were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries in the York area indefinitely.
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in UEFA Youth League final.
Goals from Dominic Solanke and Ruben Loftus-Cheek secured victory.
Chelsea will play Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Watford are currently one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met YouTube star Bas van Velzen at Melwood.
Van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour.
The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday, 3pm)
Enner Valencia available for Hammers following toe injury.
James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be fit again.
Marc Wilson is available for Stoke despite a broken hand.
Jon Walters has had a knee problem but is also in contention.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The bold design of the new stadium could involve a ‘slide-out’ grass football pitch.
Extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate NFL squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game, are also being explored by architects.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
Claimed it was born, reared and slaughtered in the UK.
But it turned out to be imported from the other side of the world.
Asda has apologised and said it was an 'isolated incident'
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica.
The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side.
Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century.
It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after a poor clearance from Rob Green.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
The British photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
She directed other women to portray the gradual emotional and circumstantial stages, along the well-trodden track of the broken-hearted.
Michelle Woods, 44, was told by daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
The four-foot red and orange corn snake may belong to the property's previous tenant.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern.
The top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Young fan was hit by a wayward shot during Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
Iker Casillas handed the fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval.
The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident.
Man shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, around 2:15pm.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
Nobody else was injured in the shooting, according to reports.
The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral in recognition of his towering stature.
The severe weather in Missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near Augusta west of St. Louis.
A lightning strike caused a Mississippi River traffic signal on the Eads Bridge linking Missouri and Illinois to malfunction.
Storms in southwestern Indiana toppled trees and downed power lines.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
There are plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy.
Sevilla went into the last four of the Europa League with a two-goal lead.
Kevin Gameiro equalised for the hosts with five minutes remaining.
Carlos Bacca had put Sevilla in complete control with a penalty.
Vitolo had been brought down by Neto after five minutes.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School in New York for the two-week coding course.
Karlie attended the course, which costs $2,000 per student, last summer.
The model will be starting college at NYU's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in the fall.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to former Manchester United striker Eric Cantona.
Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared to Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Real Madrid.
Cantona was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Kardashian family visited St James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday.
They were there for the baptism of their daughter North, 22 months.
The church is reputed to have been the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion.
Kim took to Instagram to share pictures from inside the historic building.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed.
Her grandfather Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer.
Benaud spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight, authority and wit.
Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Kyle Walker injured his foot against Burnley earlier this month.
Scans showed the England international had not broken his foot.
But Tottenham confirmed Walker faces another month out of action.
There were fears Walker may have fractured his right foot.
The Keukenhof Gardens in The Netherlands is home to seven million blooms.
The Kenrouken in Kanazawa, Japan, is one of the Three Great Gardens of Japan.
There are also beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK.
Pippa Middleton, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, left restaurant Margaux in Fulham.
Pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split earlier this year.
Miss Middleton wore tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and heart-print top.
Kentucky Wildcats defeated the University of Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in Saturday night's NCAA semi-final game.
The Badgers will now face Duke in Monday's final - the school's first final since 1941.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
Another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
School security guards and staff manage to break up the fight.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
The 74-year-old actor has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras.
Jordan's family said he sailed out of a marina in Conway, South Carolina, on January 23, and hadn't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull on Thursday morning.
Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball against Monaco.
The 30-year-old centre-half clawed the ball out of the way of Monaco danger man Joao Moutinho.
Juve were able to progress to the Champions League's last four following a 0-0 draw.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday.
Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence.
The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards.
Rafael Nadal's first match will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, has returned to the Church of Wells, a small evangelical commune of about 70 'born of discontent with mainstream Christianity'
She initially vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the church.
Over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
She has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company's sales.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia.
Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad.
It eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation.
Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others.
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday.
The Serbian world No 1 claimed his fifth Miami Open winner's trophy.
Djokovic is now ten out of eleven defeats against the Scot.
Vincent Kompany was substituted during Manchester derby defeat.
Chilean boss Manuel Pellegrini claims he is not under pressure.
Pellergini says he trusts Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp.
City host West Ham United in Premier League on Sunday.
Sq Ldr Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940.
But he survived and persuaded a ship to take him back to England.
Ten minutes later his mother Mabel Joll received a telegram telling her he was missing.
She fainted believing she had opened the door to a ghost of her son.
His incredible story came to light as his medals were put up for auction.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
He has scored just twice in the Premier League so far this season.
Tottenham are desperate to get him off the wage bill this summer.
Manchester City will make a contribution to his £100,000-a-week wages.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside the country last year.
Tourism industry brought in £80 million in the region last year alone.
Dumfries and Galloway is the most popular wedding destination in the country.
Argyll and Bute is home to 11.21 marriages per 1,000 in Scotland.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January.
He allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police.
Worthen was arrested on Friday afternoon and is facing charges of luring a
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘on business’
Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
Suzanne, whose CV glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering, insists they all ski or snowboard in their free time.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar for two years and were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
Caesar went missing from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend.
A state Department of Natural Resources officer showed up at the couple's door asking if he knew anything about the pig.
He said he 'felt threatened' so shot Caesar, believing the animal was feral.
The family are now trying to get Caesar's body in order to bury him, but have been told they can only take possession of his ashes.
Patsy Kensit says Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
Actress says she is not going to have to look different every time she goes out.
Margaret Atwood says Duchess is no match for Princess Diana.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept.
The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Investigators found no evidence that he intended to harm Margaret.
He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Didier Drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his Foundation.
The Chelsea striker played his part in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Saturday night.
Drogba was delighted with how the evening panned out, as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in Abidjan.
Project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of Help to Buy scheme.
It doubles number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
Property would be 20% cheaper than their market value and reserved for first-time buyers under the age of 40.
The white female student was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking.
At the top of the list was the word 'n*****s', which was captured by a fellow student.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League encounter back in January 2014.
Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and wrote to the Italian to apologise for the offensive name he called him.
The 53-year-old has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Carl Hayman admitted Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title.
Hayman admitted Bernard Laporte's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in Sunday's 32-18 quarter-final victory over Wasps.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Harry Redknapp says Sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
Stephanie Flanders, then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight, was the dinner's hostess.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey.
The man ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart.
He said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of City's form.
Neville believes City chiefs are not entertaining the idea of replacing the Chilean at the moment.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
Sherwood and Ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at Spurs and helping them break into the first team.
The bond between the two remains strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey's mobile phone calls temporarily.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball on Wednesday.
Defoe and his Sunderland team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The former Spurs forward scored a sublime volley as the Black Cats defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory.
The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies, including one that requires 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP.
She demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and hikes in minimum wage in return for propping up Labour government.
But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
It was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix.
The circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
Sportsmail looks back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
But she struggled to find a girlfriend and decided to start her own app when the ones that were available weren't up to the job.
Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters but the app has since gone into decline.
David Cameron said he was a West Ham fan during an event in London.
Tory Party leader said he had a bout of 'brain fade' after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up.
Cameron has since apologised for the gaffe.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same private school.
Mr Osborne attended St Paul's School for boys, where boarding costs £10,800.
Ms Harman has repeatedly accused the Tories of being 'completely out of touch'
London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands.
He told Boris Johnson: 'If in doubt, wedge it in'
Pair were at Advantage Children's Day Nursery in Surbiton, south west London.
They were promoting Tory pledge to double free childcare.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state.
Benioff is now trying to relocate state employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the controversial legislation.
The San Francisco-based tech company, which offers ‘customer relationship management’ to other companies, has a total 2,000 employees in Indiana.
ISIS thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra.
Militants are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
The video cuts to jihadists speaking directly to the camera with one declaring they destroyed the site because it is 'worshipped instead of God'
ISIS believes statues and shrines are un-Islamic 'false idols' that must be destroyed.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president.
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings seen by CNN.
The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer who shot Brown.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
Some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages.
One owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville, Queensland.
The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.
He said nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville, which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the United Kingdom.
McShane recalled the wildest incident in his stint, the 2010 Birdsville Races, which saw torrential rains trap 5000 people inside the small town.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Sunday.
Ancelotti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season.
Sergio Ramos and Pepe were missing from defence and Luka Modric and James Rodriguez from midfield.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford City last month.
Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
The order would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches.
Former journalist Amanda Goff revealed her double life on national television.
The 40-year-old said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure.
Ms Goff's ex-husband, Sydney banker David Basha, said he was disgusted with his former wife's decision to publicly announce her identity.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute.
Steve Cotterill's side will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5million in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused at the San Siro.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet.
The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Videos have also revealed that the animal has distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in Tibet.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at National Housing Federation.
She is a Labour party member and owns a £1million house in Islington, London.
But she has not revealed how comfortable her own house is.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week.
The signs are in front of the Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and other hot spots such as the Ivy Restaurant and Cecconi's on Melrose.
Plastic Jesus says he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down Melrose Avenue a few weeks ago.
He says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
Current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram.
A movie industry source said Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
Weinstein, 63, was questioned
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients of the company.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance as hosts at last summer's World Cup and said it was 'a disaster'
Chelsea held Arsenal to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry's performance as his best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, has 250,000 visitors so far this year.
Visitors urged to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry.
In 2014, 1,534 000 people visited Auschwitz, the highest number during one year.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from The Netherlands over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Her son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents.
Michael Rule, 51, received approximately $9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises, LLC.
Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule, and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April 30.
NTSUWT union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’
Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) member countries.
Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust.
He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools in Kent.
The woman, 18, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school.
She posted online a picture of the three-month scan of her unborn child.
Mr Hesloped split from his Canadian wife Celine, 44, in the autumn.
Sources close to him say he is 'the happiest he has ever been' because he is going to be a father.
Roy Hodgson's England squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game.
But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for them to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs.
Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
She admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of the £20million ‘politically-motivated witch hunt’ turned against each other.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
While the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid.
United have been linked with their own big-money moves for Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels.
Downton Abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show.
The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York.
It will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists.
Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year with injuries.
The British cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter to the United States.
Carrascosa was jailed for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back.
She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the U.S. and thus remained jailed.
Her release came after her daughter and estranged husband wrote letters to the court urging a judge to set her free.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as Spurs took 2-1 series lead.
Clippers had won first game convincingly but must now come from behind.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in all-Texan series.
Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old could be handed the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban the pictures altogether.
But he urged movie starts to resist the temptation and stop taking them.
Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender among 17 films competing for prizes.
The 68th festival will be opened by a film by a woman for the first time in 25 years.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal.
The Croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders, even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow.
Paul Scholes has criticised the Atletico Madrid star for over reacting to the challenges made on him.
The five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male.
The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended Mrs Howe's Lexus on February 7.
The car was pushed into oncoming traffic, and collided with a Hummer.
Mrs Howe's stepchildren are said to have hired lawyers to look into wrongful death.
They are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit, according to TMZ.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday with an online video.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday.
Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
The Bangladeshi said he spoke as a fan, and not the president.
International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.
The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Jose Mourinho started Willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind Eden Hazard and Oscar.
Mourinho was forced into it because he has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks.
Strikers Costa and Costa are both working their way back to fitness with leg injuries.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Mr Abbott downed a schooner of beer in about six seconds while patrons cheered and encouraged him.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
She claimed the 63-year-old asked if breasts were real before touching them.
Manhattan District Attorney concluded criminal charge against Weinstein is 'not supported'
Weinstein, 63, is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was sacked by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body’s management board ahead of their spring meeting today.
Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job of director of English cricket.
Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a contender.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with a map claiming he has travelled more than 600,000 miles.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings, and he has handed out five-star reviews to top attractions.
Oriol Romeu is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final.
Beatrice Tollman made her most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories.
But last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.
On the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Mr Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America.
Alistair Brownlee won the World Triathlon Series in Cape Town.
The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the cycling stage.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Archael virus infects primitive forms of life that live deep beneath the ocean floor.
Virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
The discovery raises the prospect that life may still be clinging on deep underground on planets such as Mars.
An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging eight floors from a balcony of a hotel in Perth.
The 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson, at about 1am on Monday.
Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
Hotel industry insider, Jacob Tomsky, shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
He shares his tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay.
Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe without incurring any charges.
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Chelsea travel to Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday.
Reading travel to Arsenal in the other semi-final on Monday night.
Pupil Xiao Gao, 11, has not spoken a word in five days after drinking water.
The water had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank.
But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk.
They say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Gao is now awaiting further medical examination and an appointment with a psychologist.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran.
Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
AC Milan's starting line-up which defeated Liverpool in 2007 had an average age of 31y 34d.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy disappeared from their front garden in Doncaster.
They were snatched when the couple weren’t looking – and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
Adele and Steven Worgan are offering a £1,000 reward for their safe return.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court today.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets including death threat to writer Noel Clarke.
Mr Clarke said Deacon viewed him as a friend and fell out over work.
Deacon was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
The house even has an owner worthy of Empire, in strip club owner Sam Cecola, who previously owned the Club Paradise strip club in Las Vegas.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford,.
Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
Attorney Ryan McGuigan, contended FBI agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
Manny Pacquiao is set to fight Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Floyd Mayweather's trainer Freddie Roach has blasted Mayweather Snr.
Roach said Mayweather would be better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger.
Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to Roach's criticism.
Vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering the Ebola virus.
When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago.
The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible.
While their test applies only to Raven II, other surgical robots that use similar teleoperation were likely also at risk.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose.
The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
He has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again,' she told MailOnline.
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat.
The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart rescued five horses from flood water near Dungog, a small town in the NSW Hunter Valley region.
The man paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past submerged trees and bushes.
He managed to get hold of a brown horse in what was once a field surrounded by a fence, the man clung to its mane to lead it to safety.
In one photo, a startled brown horse attempts to flee as the man is kicked backwards into the water.
On Wednesday morning, the NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough'
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with Natural England over access to Durdle Door on Dorset's Jurassic Coast.
The steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012.
Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path.
Navinder Sarao allegedly made £26.7million in just four years of dealing.
His family's semi-detached house in West London is closer to an internet server.
It gives him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the City.
Thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those in Central London.
Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents.
Allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on day of 'Flash Crash' of 2010.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach.
Hurst then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 free childcare spaces.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Mr Cameron will argue ‘true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
Pope has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' - named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the 'apartheid' between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
The 31-year-old was kicked and punched 20 times by three men and one woman.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
Online support group called Support Gareth has attracted over 1,500 likes on Facebook.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail.
Terry, 35, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson doesn't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track, and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
She was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs.
After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by her adoptive mother Michele.
'Now I have a home that is nice and I have three nice meals a day,' she wrote.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively.
Murray has scored four goals for Crystal Palace in 364 minutes.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana.
The pair caught a Bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock.
When suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his career.
Pietersen scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since June 2013.
England have won their last three Tests under Alastair Cook.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines.
The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
It comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, 41, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him.
Giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
After nearly 15 minutes following the incident, he and his fiancee Katie Heggins decided for him to go to Memorial Hospital for treatment.
A CT scan revealed the metal wire had been shot up his left.
nose and lodged in Parker's sinus.
cavities beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge.
Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery.
He
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff.
Jarvis, a Spelman College graduate, joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she joined Senator Obama's office.
The Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
It took Molly, Dylan and I three weeks to do it, and we fitted so much in during that time it's difficult to even do it justice.
The scenic route winds through some of California's most wonderful, ever-changing scenery.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment.
Her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined and she now hopes to move.
Ronda Rousey was a huge WWE fan at Wrestlemania 31.
She made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
Rousey wants to 'find a way' to return to the WWE after taking down co-owner Stephanie McMahon.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion Rousey appeared with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock at WrestleMania 31.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year on Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
On Saturday, Hibernian and Falkirk fans will be asked to travel to Glasgow for a Scottish Cup semi-final which kicks off at 12.15pm.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen and published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and also how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
In total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could ‘cover the entire surface of Mars with 1.1
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since Saturday.
His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
Labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates, where he can speak directly to voters.
The unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film.
Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version.
More than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year.
Yellow Submarine led onto The Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
Sam Allardyce launched a tirade at fourth official Robert Madley during West Ham's 2-0 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday.
The Hammers boss was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing.
Allardyce was unhappy with Downing for giving away possession in the build-up to City’s second goal scored by Sergio Aguero.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, knifed Ricky James 39 times.
He told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off'
Also said he cut him with a butcher's knife 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween'
Sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole.
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
The 30-year-old model, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
Only days after welcoming her son into the world, Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to finish the beverage before its gets too cold.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children.
The Hollywood blockbuster was due to premiere in Russia today.
Culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory over Nazi Germany.
Mary Cowan, 92, generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson's College in Edinburgh.
She had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children.
Ms Cowan passed away in November last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as Olympic hero Sir Chris Hoy and rugby legend Gavin Hastings were taught.
The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio and she left instructions for the remainder to be handed over to good causes.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
On Thursday evening, Malaja's heartbroken family said the toddler was brain dead.
Manchester City have told Jason Denayer they want him to spend next season in the English Championship.
Denayer has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
The 19-year-old had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
But last week changed his tune to give Ronny Deila some hope of retaining his services for another season.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the DEA since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN.
President Barack Obama's top spokesman, Josh Earnest, refused to engage speculation today about Leonhart's employment status nor would not put the weight of the White House behind her.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the colossal omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein - 16 times recommended amount for a man.
Ally said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
A further 16 people were charged with possession of MDMA tablets and three others were issued Criminal Infringement Notices.
During the operation 160 people were searched by drug dogs.
Four people were taken to Concord Hospital suffering drug related illnesses.
Fantasy Café is one of the first establishments in China to charge an 'air-purifying fee'
Customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthy air while enjoying coffee and meals.
The two-storey café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea in their 2-1 win over Leicester.
Marc Albrighton levelled for the hosts with a first-half header.
John Terry put the visitors ahead with a close-range finish that Kasper Schmeichel could not stop.
Ramires scored a stunning third goal with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes.
He believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country.
After picking up a green rocking chair he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji, the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain against Malaga.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
QPR could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Nick Woodman clinched title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumped to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
Giuliana Rancic, 40, was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday.
In her memoir Going Off Script, the E! star has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell, who she first met in San Diego.
Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice.
Just a month earlier Giuliana stirred up controversy when she commented on Fashion Police that Zendaya smelled of 'patchouli oil' or 'weed'
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma in December 2014.
She played four games and made five layups before the tumor spread.
Her team raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer.
But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device.
This air is then moved through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan.
These channels have been designed to reduce how much drag the air flow is subjected to as it moves through the 'ball'
The device is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
MailOnline has contacted Panasonic to see if the device will be available in other regions.
Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back panic sets in.
They let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Joan Walsh Anglund, now 89, wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun; 'A bird doesn’t sing because he has an answer, he sings
Aston Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games left.
Tim Sherwood is confident his side can secure their Premier League survival.
Villa face Manchester City in the FA Cup final on Saturday.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the clash.
PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2, thrashed St Etienne 4-1 in the French Cup semi-finals, and won the League Cup final 4-0 against Bastia.
Ed Miliband's party has jumped to 35%, up one point from last month.
The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33%, according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI.
Despite Labour's growing lead ahead, Mr Miliband's poll ratings remain dire.
Almost two-thirds of the public say the PM isn't in touch with their lives.
The innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries.
Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two men on her pig farm over a one-year span.
The Jackson County jury found Monica guilty of murdering Stephen Delicino, 59, and Robert Haney, 56, about a year apart.
Monica was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years.
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio.
Santana is accused of strangling and stabbing the 23-year-old to death and then having sex with her corpse.
He is also accused of killing and mutilating her dog and writing messages in blood on the wall.
Jurors also heard that Santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come, claiming he was going to 'gut' someone.
This came just days after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged inside his New York City home on Sunday morning.
The cosmetologist was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show, The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, which features Martin Short.
Brandt's psychiatrist said he had become so worried for his patients of mind that she ordered Brandt to monitor him daily.
A police report revealed Brandt had suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Because milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet, switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, scientists say.
Organic milk industry last night issued a swift rebuttal to the findings.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
The Spanish teacher, who has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School, allegedly started texting the boy when he was 12.
They exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night.
Pep Guardiola wore tight, grey suit with navy pullover, black tie and crisp white shirt.
Other famous faces have fallen foul of suit that is a little on the snug side.
Russell Brand, Dermot O'Leary, Olly Murs and Daniel Craig have all fallen foul.
Blake Shinn bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Australia during the race on Thursday.
The 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Shinn jokingly compared his situation to that of beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies in Grenada.
Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.
The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion.
Kaka was wearing a vest on which he had printed the message 'I Belong to Jesus'
I can't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
What about the high profile Bible Group that exists on golf's PGA Tour and boasts major winners such as Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson among its members?
What exactly is noteworthy about two men praying on the concourse at Anfield during Liverpool's FA Cup tie with Blackburn Rovers last month?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, the poll of 46,000 people found.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Three most likely to vote Labour were Michelle, June and Andy.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, after reports of a stabbing.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is known for his racy photo shoots and sexual assault allegations.
He faced accusations from model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
In a new interview with Vogue, it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Terry is good friends with Lady Gaga who has previously starred in his risque shoots.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician.
He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
Shock caused him to fall 12ft onto the roof of a toilet block below.
Nathan was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
Open Garden’s FireChat app has been downloaded more than five million times.
The egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily.
It takes advantage of a feature that launched in iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)
MCF lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network.
Apple uses the framework for its AirDrop feature, for example, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users.
Atletico Madrid have used third-party ownership lenience to their advantage.
Sergio Aguero, Radamel Falcao and Diego Costa have all moved out.
Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
The secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
The manager of the deli in Brooklyn said he saw one of the detectives find the rent money box under the counter, and Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of it.
Mr Abdullah said Detective Cyrus then bends down and when he stands up, he appears to put the money in his coat pocket.
NYPD Deputy Commissioner Stephen Davis told MailOnline: 'Based on the nature of the allegations, the NYPD has placed one detective on suspension and one supervisor on modified assignment status pending further investigation'
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match in Turin.
Allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach.
Monaco have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the last 16.
Tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate.
But instead of getting lucky, the blundering reptile loses its balance and falls on its back.
Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, captured the hilarious moment.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
After just one month, a GoFundMe page started for the cause has received some $11,000 in donations.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie named after Elvis Presley's daughter.
They have been at the estate since the mid-1980s.
Presley bought them for $900,000 in September 1975 - less than two years before his death.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
United need a quality right back – Nathaniel Clyne has been linked.
Phil Jones and Chris Smalling might become an all-time great at United.
Atlanta-based photographer Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
She was pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight.
Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
The 31-year-old spent the money on camping equipment and a trip to Las Vegas.
Hughes was jailed for 16 months at Salisbury Crown Court.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao took to Instagram to share a video of his early morning run.
Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle 'disrespectful'
Derby manager insists his sole focus is to steer Derby to promotion.
John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
'The sun comes up tomorrow even though you don't want it to,' Mrs Valentine said.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from capital.
But soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims.
Criticism comes as one of four gunmen identified as lawyer son of Kenyan official.
Government representatives have defended the long response time, comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
At the centre of the scandal was Ilie Ionita, a 35-year-old Romanian, and co-conspirators Valeriu Rosu, 42, Florian Stan, 33, and Florin Coman 25.
The UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
He said the'real mischief is the catastrophic damage that could be caused' to the public, noting that genuine drug companies had pointed out that acid, brick dust and road paint had been found in fake Viagra.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
Animal charity has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act.
Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt.
Group of 40 tourists thought they had flown to Costa Rica to visit Golfito.
But in fact, they were exploring activities in the country's Napo Province.
The publicity stunt saw the tourists enjoy white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking, but it seems that Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday.
The Irish FA are awaiting a report from structural engineers.
Windsor Park is undergoing major redevelopment and only the West and North stands hold 4,000 and 6,000 spectators respectively.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril.
Abril was forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
He withdrew again this week as he is still reeling from the after-effects of the virus.
Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually.
It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
The final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Researchers quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about drinking habits.
Those who had watched most films with characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol.
Study found that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six% were classified as adult only.
Cecily Strong, the Saturday Night Live cast member and host of the White House Correspondents Dinner, made some pretty funny jokes during her 20-minute speech.
One of Strong's best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality, when she said Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
Laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses.
It also states the importance of English - saying candidates will not be accepted without knowing how to speak and understand the language.
This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced.
Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge.
At some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.
She then became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
She was eventually booked into a local jail where she kicked a police officer.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG), a rare childhood brain cancer, in September 2013.
She played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati, and raised more than $1.5million for research into the cancer.
On Friday, LeBron James posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via Twitter, just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor.
James, 30, who had never met Lauren, wrote: 'Dear Lauren Hill, You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour in 10 marginal seats.
Ukip leader admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg accused Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
Malky Mackay was sacked as the club's manager on Monday.
Caldwell has been at the club for five years and is 32-years-old.
Wigan are eight points adrift of safety with five games to go.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband James, who was suffering from PTSD when he returned from Iraq.
But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home.
She was arrested after sharing details of the incident with her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor, who then went to authorities.
Lehn
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night.
Gary Mackay-Steven opened the scoring after 32 minutes.
Jim McAlister equalised for the visitors in the 87th minute.
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games.
The 41-year-old man is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
He is accused of posting the derogatory statements after watching a news bulletin about the Iraq war on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both.
The United Arab Emirates treats blasphemy as a serious criminal offence.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City in southern China's Guangdong Province.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a mountain of rotting fish.
Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
The farmer stands to lose over 1 million RMB (£110,000) in potential sales, and claimed he would need at least a decade to recover.
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
He will be charged in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford, 47, today.
Ms Woodford's body was found with'massive injuries' at a flat in Wales.
Her family today paid tribute to the 'kind-hearted' and'selfless' woman.
They said: 'Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone'
Last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F above the average for the 20th century.
The data, released today by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, takes into account global averages across land and sea surfaces.
It follows earlier announcements from US government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures, melting of polar ice and glaciers.
Players with 60 caps playing overseas will be eligible to play for Australia.
The new policy will allow experienced Wallabies playing at foreign clubs to be selected for test matches.
Will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year, while Wycliff Palu is decamping to Japan.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands - Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for Judith Chalmers were the Ruins of St Paul’s.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Rodgers insists Sterling's future is still up in the air.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
The technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds.
When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies.
Depending on how weak or strong the signal is, it is possible to work out how hot the planet is.
Eric Heath Price, 25, allegedly shot Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, at Alabama doctor's office.
Mrs Price, a nursing student, ran into the surgery screaming 'call the police'
He then returned to their home and staged a standoff with 40 police officers.
When police fired tear gas into the house, he came outside.
He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head.
Price has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was nursing student.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
Furyk recorded a first PGA Tour victory since 2010.
Overnight leader Troy Merritt was three shots behind after a 69 on Sunday.
US Masters champion Jordan Spieth finished tied 11th after a final round 70.
Novak Djokovic defeated Rafael Nadal in the semi-final of Monte Carlo.
World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic will now face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disney's first theme park opened in California on July 17, 1955.
It was predicted that 10,000 people would attend, but many arrived earlier than their allotted time.
In 1955, an adult ticket cost a mere $1, with additional charges for attractions.
This cost contrasts strongly with 2015, and tickets are now priced at $99.
The total cost for creating Disneyland was $17million, which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain in 1989.
Producer Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single.
The track, entitled I Won't Mind, sent fans into turmoil.
It also enraged Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
Louis tweeted at the producer: 'Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you're so inconsiderate pal'
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre said police acted 'outrageously'
Karen Davis was reported for flashing her breasts on Google Street View.
The 38-year-old handed herself into police voluntarily.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy caused by her actions.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
Found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One cat was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old has also been arrested for instigating acts of terrorism.
His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of 1970s band Boney M.
Mr Mitchell founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where Abdul Hadi Arwani was a preacher until 2011.
He was arrested on Wednesday night and today Scotland Yard revealed they had further arrested the Jamaican national.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his lawn.
Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Issues Yoes has been cited for include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard, and a dirty swimming pool.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final.
Kerber broke serve five times against Keys who hadn't lost serve all week.
Keys won her only WTA title, at Eastbourne last June.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute.
Darren Bent added a third for the home side inside the half-hour mark.
Ince's eight goals have been since joining on loan from Hull.
Blackpool's small contingent of travelling supporters made their feelings known.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children, and her story will be featured in a TV documentary.
Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs.
Demetri Nelson, 27, allegedly broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
He then told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home.
Once there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car, police said.
Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Before Nelson was apprehended, the Sumter's County Sheriff's Office wrote in a news release posted to Facebook he 'has a history of violent offense convictions'
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village when locals signed a petition.
They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and was a 'ticking time bomb'
But now he has been admitted to a specialist school in Linfen, China.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures to mark its 10th anniversary.
Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London.
The seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759.
This is more then the average property value in some of the UK's most expensive cities, including Oxford, Bath and Edinburgh.
For those who want a room with a water view, that will cost you even more.
Natasha Willard, 17, fell ill while studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran, Wales.
She appeared to have the flu just before Christmas and was unwell.
Her family are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Natasha has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain.
Doctors say they are unsure if she will make a full recovery.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the Ivy League school.
The eight staff wrote the oped after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians.
Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
Carlisle manager says football was always his priority after ending his playing career.
The 51-year-old won three England caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final last weekend.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Rand Paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including, Savannah Guthrie.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
His woes began with an early morning sparring match on TODAY with Guthrie over perceived flip flops on foreign policy issues.
A disgruntled Paul cut her off and said, 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?'
'Before we go through a
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
The seven-year-old ran into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law pulled over and rescued Alfie.
He was reunited with owner Kirsty Mitton, 23, who drove 112 miles to collect him.
Lillie, five, is not microchipped and is still missing.
Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds.
The 31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, makes more than one dollar per minute selling her used underwear online.
Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
'Guys really like the idea of me ruining them in this way,' she says.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester.
Police issued CCTV images of Walters of Withington, Manchester, after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
Six-year-old boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago.
NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth.
Family court judge ruled boy must stay in care of local authority.
Details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Boro's buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
Derby have not won in seven games under Steve McClaren.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama, last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoke poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm.
Fire spread through 90 condos before building collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
'Untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
But Dr Des Spence warned newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakkara scored a century as Surrey piled on the runs.
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne as she lay flowers.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
Norris was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
Details of the doctors' brutal murders in the northern Iraqi desert were reported by the country's Al-Sumaria satellite television network.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
'I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards,' she says.
But that's not the reason she believes she'd be perfect for the role.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-1 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's early own goal gave the visitors the lead.
Aitor Karanka's side are now two points clear at the top of the Championship.
Bournemouth could be overtaken on Saturday when they host Birmingham.
The driver of the car, a 16-year-old girl, was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for more than four hours.
It took dozens of emergency services around five hours to extricate the girl in a remote high desert area west of Strawberry following the accident.
The two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, who have also not been identified, managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that Rapiejejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car.
Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006.
In December 2008, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in 38 appearances for Preston this season.
Davies is currently second in the table - eight clear of third-placed MK Dons.
Ulster have announced the signing of New Zealand international Charles Piutau.
Piutau has agreed a two-year deal from July 2016.
The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days.
Most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, but money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in management at Manchester United.
The Scot was appointed as Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
Ferguson's honours include 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute following a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas doubled the lead in the 74th minute after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
The result was Louis van Gaal's biggest defeat as Manchester United manager.
In the same fixture last season a man dressed as the Grim Reaper sat behind then-United manager David Moyes.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a moment of madness.
Arango's Tijuana side lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league.
Zavala later posted a photo of the bite mark on social media.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 - is not extinct.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.
Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student.
Allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting her.
The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are just nine days away from touching gloves.
Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his Las Vegas gym.
The singer attended Mayweather's fight against Shane Mosley in 2010.
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case earlier this month.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013.
Oscar Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: ‘The English boys don’t learn’
Stokes was put on his back by Stuart Broad, who bowled too short on day one but got value for this bouncer.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
He insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
His comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants could be killed this year.
Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off Libya.
Second spectacular blast from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash.
The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
Ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Previous and equally violent eruptions at
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican.
He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
The Royal Children's Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal raked in over $17.1 million.
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported the calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
He appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti-Islam rallies and individuals behind an apparent spate of church vandalism in Melbourne.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child.
His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
The former gold miner admits their huge height difference has left a few people bewildered.
Aaron Finch must recover from hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have seen falls in their levels of dislike.
But Ukip's Nigel Farage remains the most unpopular party leader.
England defeated West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 runs at stumps in the first innings.
Cook is now the captain of the England team.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen distanced herself from comments.
She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Assistant manager Steve Thompson has been suspended by the club.
Thompson is understood to have been told he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
By the time she turned five, she was virtually housebound and in constant pain.
Doctors warned that she would be dead by the age of 30.
She has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will then move to live with fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
If successful, she will be on the path to citizenship.
Heather Mack, 19, is being held over the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Mack could spend 15 years in jail for her mother's death in Bali.
Indonesian Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly visited Mack.
He checked on conditions in Mack's cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners.
Minister said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in a prison.
Also offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child.
Disgruntled flyers have taken their frustration to social media.
Pictures show feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head.
Others include rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
Photos were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband, Chris Kyle.
Kyle broke down in tears on the stand during the first day of the trial.
The 40-year-old has written of her enduring love for her husband in a touching tribute.
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio.
Thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay.
Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
The Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crashed over Dunkirk.
The fighter plane, dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies, was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove.
It was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber and remained there for 40 years.
In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative.
Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title.
Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner, having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year.
His match with Norwegian Kurt Maflin concludes on Saturday.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend.
The Stoke midfielder scored a 66-yard goal against Chelsea.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half in 2009.
Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves.
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since 1997.
But its success may lie in the use of words author J.K Rowling chose across the series - rather than the texts as a whole.
By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings.
Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity', or the extent to which it affects the reader and their view of
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over Explorer of Seas as it departed Southampton Docks.
The cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean, will both be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean over the summer.
As the season comes to a close, the ship will then move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain and constipation.
She also frequently needed to urinate and had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis.
It was only when she stumbled across a post on Facebook that she realised it could be cancer.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber.
The father-of-three was only on his second shift at Premier Stores in Manchester.
CCTV footage shows the robber vault the counter before wrestling with the cashier.
Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in Palmers Green.
It allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678.
Ora was due to stand trial this week, but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
Stuart McCall's Rangers beat Championship champions Hearts 2-1 on Sunday.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the Ibrox side.
McCulloch was shown a red card for an elbow on Osman Sow.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
Boykin, a former TSA employee, was fired in Nashville after becoming obsessed with a coworker - following her, taking videos and photos and breaking into her house five times.
At the time of his arrest last year, Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs.
He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key.
Mundo Deportivo are reporting that if Barcelona beat Sevilla, then they're 'halfway to La Liga'
Pictures show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border.
Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger.
The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, 29, in Dublin.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a social media project called Twin Strangers.
The aim was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world.
Miss Geaney said: 'I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me'
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club.
Lazarus was jailed for at least three years for the crime on March 27.
He told the court attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton took it easy in second practice in Bahrain.
Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.
Mercedes' nearest rivals again Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel finished second and third respectively.
William Schultz, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home.
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses alternative medicine.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck, accompanied by the caption: 'I feel like a pin cushion'
The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Friday.
Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years.
The 39-year-old Ukrainian won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996.
Amal Clooney is one of the top human rights lawyers in the country.
She tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since.
From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open first round.
The 21-year-old has been practising in the United States, in Tampa.
Robson's next target is the French Open, which starts on May 24.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets.
Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street.
Lord Macdonald QC was Director of Public Prosecutions from 2003 to 2008.
He said CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing.
Janner, now 86, was able to escape prosecution for eight years.
But CPS said he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th at last month's WGC-Cadillac Championship.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence at Ibrox.
Two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until King forced them out last month.
New YouGov poll shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP.
Just 25 per cent are backing Labour, robbing him of an overall majority.
The SNP leader has offered to prop up a Labour government, even if the Tories win more seats on May 7.
But the SNP leader demanded full fiscal autonomy for Scotland in return, meaning all money raised in tax north of the border would be spent there.
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday.
Tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee.
The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale's calf injury.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexican striker will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season.
Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Ellen Weirich dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those undergoing sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine.
The school is held in Ellen's home which houses a vast collection of wigs, make-up and clothes which her clients have access to.
Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint.
The team have already patented the optical part of the system, which is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy.
Scottish Conservative Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today.
Booker Prize winner Hilary Mantel's novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage.
Mantel has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway.
The title of her second novel has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'
The play will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day.
McIntyre also mocked the Digger's bravery and accused them of war crimes.
The comments incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
Wayne Rooney has scored 12 times in 27 games and 2,383 minutes of action.
Sketch made light of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, raping her 16-year-old student.
During the clip, Daly refers to the attack as 'the best day of my life'
Viewers slammed the sketch on Twitter, with some calling it 'gross'
Another said it was a new low, even for Saturday Night Live.
YouTube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times.
Pena and animator Jeff Schweikart created the short animated video.
It features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere.
A squeaky backing track is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's April issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
He said that celebrities don't even get the freedom to say and do exactly what they want, let alone 'run anything'
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic, said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world.
The three-mile-long Las Canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers.
Aldi opened its doors in Avlaston, Derbyshire, at 8am this morning.
More than 200 people queued outside the store to get their hands on prizes.
The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors.
It is one of 60 Aldi stores opening across the UK this year.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
He has been criticised by the West and human rights bodies for crackdowns on dissent.
Luis Suarez scored twice in the 79th minute to make it 3-0 to Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
The Uruguayan scored his second goal in as many games for the Catalan giants.
PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu was sent the wrong way in the second half.
Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, opened Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013.
He has now been placed on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted 'white collar criminals' list.
FBI has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Chelsea moved to within two wins of being crowned champions.
John Terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time.
Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney, Ashley Young and Radamel Falcao all travelled to London via train.
Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo were also absent from the train ride.
Apple announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
As part of the deal, Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
In the Reed Forest of Aroostook County, Maine, wetlands, rivers, and upland forest provide refuge for Atlantic salmon, bald eagle, and Canada lynx.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island.
When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head.
As Olsen pointed the revolver at the officer's head he threatened: 'If you come any closer I will blow your effing head off'
Olsen was found guilty of GBH with intent and jailed for 12 years.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in December last year.
In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy allegedly had sex.
with a 17-year old student at his house before school.
Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The MGM Grand bout has been billed as the fight of the century.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the fight.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character.
Mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones.
Her bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Footage appears to show Thabo Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck.
Moments later, the video also shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs.
It happened on the same night as Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them.
Derby drew 2-2 with Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday.
Steve McClaren's side are now six points off the top two.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute.
But a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling.
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Iona's stepson, George Costello Jr, 45, was staying nearby at the time and has a long history of drug arrests.
He is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute' when he returned
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up in the wake of the Second World War in 1945.
At its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year.
Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
The mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over Milford, Surrey.
One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'
Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'
In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension.
The midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United on March 21.
Dick Advocaat has confirmed that the midfielder will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news.
Italian bio-designers MHOX have designed a range of synthetic eyes.
They plan to combine biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight.
The team say their synthetic eyes could be available by 2027.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches.
Inter boss Roberto Mancini insists the reports are 'completely made up'
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire earned the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Professor Roberts believes apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls.
Empathisers are people who enjoy breaking down and analysing systems.
In women the two fingers are typically the same length.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in Vietnam in past year.
Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
They are then sold to China for use in traditional medicine, sources say.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
The 25-year-old was named Sky Bet League 1 Player of the Month for March.
Mesut Ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
Ozil was off the pace at the start of the season, but is now back to his best.
The German star says his injury has helped him recover after a busy schedule.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery on Friday.
They were arrested after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month.
The footage allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair.
Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished.
The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp.
They found 60 per cent of packaged prawns were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics, and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio, both of which can cause serious food poisoning.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke.
After changing her diet and exercising, she shed 8st and is now a size 12.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference yesterday.
She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she posed with Tory Burch and sat in the audience at Palazzo Corsini.
Last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren's son David.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway on the M25.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
Meanwhile at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway.
Nadine Crooks, 33, from Smethwick, West Midlands, was told she was infertile.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago.
Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries.
The triplets will be siblings to Roxanne, 18, Trae, 13, and Zion, nine, and Joshua, 18 months.
Thabo Sefolosha was arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration after allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene.
The Atlanta Hawks player said he has experienced a'significant injury' and that it was 'caused by the police'
He was arrested alongside Atlanta Hawks teammate Pero Antic.
Police were trying to investigate the stabbing of Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland.
Copeland, 31, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday, April 8.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, has been accused of attacking the 31-year
Charities last night welcomed move to create new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only Liberal Democrats had promised to add crucial lessons.
But Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added support as they unveiled their Election manifestos.
Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the issue was ‘close to his heart’
Rickie Lambert signed for Liverpool from Southampton in January.
Lambert has scored 20 goals for the Reds this season.
Mario Balotelli has been ineffective in the Premier League and Champions League.
Unnamed woman sent out invitations to her son's first birthday.
She lists very specific requests, including large and pricy gifts.
Invitation was shared by a recipient on Reddit, sparking online backlash.
Mother demands receipts for each gift so she can get full value back.
Also asks that gifts do not have son's name on them, claiming they attract kidnappers.
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor at London 2012.
Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games.
Campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone while walking around the city.
More than 40% of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30% of pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34, Mayor's office planner Ema Yamamoto said.
Some have criticized the Philadelphia campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit by cars.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret'
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable'
Gray's stepfather, Richard Shipley, confirmed the death of his stepson.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty.
The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK.
But British farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down.
Jay Z launched a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal.
The rapper and businessman said that Tidal is good for all artists and not just a money-maker for the big name artists like Kanye, Rihanna and Madonna who have joined him as co-founders.
Reports claim that Apple, which is launching its own music service, is trying to stop any growth by Tidal by delaying availability of updates for its app.
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the Parkhead side.
Edward Ofere equalised for the visitors in the second half.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project, which is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, released video.
Recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina.
Says he was stopped for 'improper use of median' in Lexington County.
Mr Stack, who recently completed deployment with National Guard, says he was 'in the wrong'
Pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
The controversial contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia, particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation.
John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents, Roar.
Roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production.
The film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers, cheetahs and elephants.
Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge.
He said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service.
London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining.
To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League.
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures this season.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now 65 stone.
The former factory worker has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
Mr Thompson said he has always had problems with food and was even caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three.
He is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in Dover, Kent, kept company by a team of NHS carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to sleep in just 42 seconds.
The clip sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off.
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ between now and June 24.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
The 56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
'I find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' he wrote.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
The multi-millionaire, from Aberdeen, is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX outlet.
He is alleged that Mr Ross is unhappy with the way the shops are being managed and has made his feelings clear to staff.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.
Johnson could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke.
Jill Saward was the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right to anonymity.
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week after 12 Christians were allegedly thrown into the Mediterranean Sea.
Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
But they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Jessa Duggar, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald recently announced that she is pregnant with their first child.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
The majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater.
This means immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them.
Scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes.
Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead.
The research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes.
about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.
It will launch from Blue.
Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of.
El Paso.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
The entire beach was covered in a grotesque yellow foam.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
More than 260 SES crews and 600 volunteers will be out in the field on Wednesday.
Prince Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty.
He was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial.
The royal joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives.
And he gurned like a good-un, making himself an instant hit with younger fans.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man.
She injected potassium into the blood stream of her elderly patients.
All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital.
Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Lisa Webb, 34, first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France.
She feared her daughter would starve during the day.
The former assistant elementary school principal was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers.
When offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225, striking a passing public bus.
Near Fort Carson, the Colorado State Patrol responded to a series of rush-hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars
Family of Esam Ghazzawi left Sarasota, Florida, home in August 2001.
They left cars, furniture and food in refrigerator before 9/11 attacks.
FBI agent said family had'many connections to individuals associated with terrorist attacks'
But agency said report was 'unsubstantiated' and 'poorly written'
Some have questioned whether FBI is whitewashing Saudi involvement.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
It shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago.
She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter.
The profile showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his daughter in hospital.
Valente wanted to report the problem to Facebook but, because the scammer had blocked him on the website, it did not allow Valent
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped as Savannah Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off.
Guthrie obliged, asking him if he had changed his views, but he charged ahead. 'No, no, you've editorialized,'
African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
Amazing images were taken in the Kruger National Park in South Africa, which opened in 1898.
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action after Alfred McNamee lost his footing.
He jumped to the edge of the platform at the Septa metro station in Philadelphia.
McNamee was badly hurt by the fall and broke his back and several ribs.
But Collins insisted that he was 'not a hero'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyer.
Labour claims tax break will be funded by squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month.
Hill played four games, raising $1.5million for pediatric cancer research.
Her casket was brought by a hearse to Xavier's Cintas Center - the site where she made a left-handed layup to open a Division III game on November 2.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop.
The top provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation.
Pocket Wellies are essentially wellies you can carry in your pocket or bag, which claim to provide the protection you need from mud, water and snow.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos.
As the light was fading on Monday, three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, but this one later in the day appears even larger.
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder.
He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
The clip features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented.
Manchester United are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players.
Van Gaal is frustrated by the lack of football intelligence he has found in the squad at Old Trafford.
Gertrude Weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, died on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
Weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister Lydia, face of fake tan brand, Sunkissed.
Sisters show off their toned legs in new shoot.
Lucy admits she used to overdo it on orange stuff in her teenage years.
Warrington Wolves host Warrington Wolves in First Utility Super League on Easter Monday.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for the Wolves.
The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season.
Britain's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009.
Queen Elizabeth II placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year.
Len Blavatnik topped the list with a fortune of £13.2bn, while Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn.
The wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547billion, up from £258billion in 2009, an increase of 112 per cent.
Software extracts colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century.
All colours increasing except for orange.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica and was strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent.
Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
Feral cats are the driving force behind the dramatic decline of wildlife across the country with the feral felines killing an estimated 75 million native animals every night.
According to two online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake.
Clinton is in Monticello, Iowa on Tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential 'listening' tour.
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
It costs money — $13 million a year from government funds, plus a hefty contribution from the First Family itself.
Even well-heeled First Ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16.
But Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback, however he was unable to progress to the second round.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time.
Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
A replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette set sail for the United States on Saturday.
Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington that France was sending a strong military force to help them.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort.
It will head for Yorktown, Virginia, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the British.
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to dole queues of 1980s Britain.
He said the fact that more jobs were being created was ‘one of the absolute moral triumphs’ of the government.
Some new products claim to stop damage from infra-red A rays.
But others say they protect the skin from the inside.
Here, Dr Bav Shergill gives his verdict on these high-tech suncreams.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised Oratory School in London.
Said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.
State-funded school in Fulham, West London, ordered to revise admissions policy.
It was accused of cherry-picking privileged white children.
But High Court judge said decision was 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool.
Pedro would command wages of £90,000 a week at Barcelona.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted the Spain international.
Click here for more transfer news.
Anders Lindegaard married Misse Beqiri in Mauritius last year.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard has struggled for minutes throughout his career at Manchester United.
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, used peppermint plants, which contain minimal traces of nicotine, in a series of mulching and fumigation experiments.
They found that the reported high levels of this substance may indeed originate from tobacco.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
U.S Surgeon General Vivek Murthy has enlisted Elmo to urge Americans to get vaccinated.
Campaign video sees Dr Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite explain to children why it is so important.
Elmo compares getting vaccinated to using an umbrella when it rains and wearing a helmet on a bike.
Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.
The journalist and lifestyle guru complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story.
Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer.
Dele Alli was named the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old has been on loan at MK Dons since January.
Alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for the Dons.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against the Protein World advert.
The 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
Online fitness store Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote letters from bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside.
He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley.
Brady, who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around, expressed no remorse for his killings.
Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Zinedine Zidane insists that Bale will not join United this summer.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. He had to be a woman,' said the 63-year-old.
Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, with Chrystied, revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview with Diane Sawyer on Friday night.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener.
Kyle Korver scored 21 points, including five three-pointers, as the Hawks held off the Brooklyn Nets 99-92 on Sunday evening.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school.
The pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
It has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as Katie worries that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with not one, but two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge, her first public appearance.
Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place, describing it as an 'urban myth'
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par.
The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
She hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard, par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class because the products, manufactured by Doterra, smell.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand.
But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed.
Council has now apologised and said it 'never intended to be racist'
Ms Rahman said: 'I consider myself to be English - I was born in this country'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
The former US Open champion said he would never consider not playing the Masters.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
The National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts.
Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city.
One of the couple's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on September 11, 2001.
The couple also enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
DNA analysis revealed he was a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
He was probably badly injured and starved to death.
Over thousands of years, the bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his recent divorce.
The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
It is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots and has a fridge freezer.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Coutinho managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp.
The Argentine has now scored 400 goals in 471 games for Barcelona.
Luis Suarez scored his first goal for the Catalan giants after 56 seconds.
Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty in the ninth minute.
Barcelona move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year.
The product, called Droops, is still in the early stages, but Mr Chow says the coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20.
He has also made a stackable coffee maker to use the capsules with.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year.
Survey also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.
Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez also on target for Barcelona.
Fabian Orellana sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets.
Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Rory McIlroy faces record high temperatures on the first day of play at Augusta National.
The world No 1 was forced to hide under an umbrella during practice on Tuesday.
A cold front heading into Augusta is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms, especially on Friday and Saturday.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.
Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1.
The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area.
Mike Fregoe built the snowman in January, when it grew to more than 9-feet tall.
But since the beginning of April, the family started a Facebook page asking for'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive.
Last week, temperatures had risen so much that he was shoveling snow in a tank top.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive using only traditional Chinese medicine for decades.
She has invited BBC cameras inside The Zhai Clinic, which she opened in 1996, to reveal the secrets of her success.
Dr Zhai prescribes a bespoke course of vitamins - 24 tablets a day for two weeks - containing Chinese herbs to help conception.
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself using a selfie stick to film himself.
The man appears to make a success of the video and even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning.
But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on teenager at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square.
He then ordered her to wait in VIP area for at least 30 minutes, threatening to kill her if she did not oblige.
Two months later, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London.
Both rapes were reported to police but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xionge, whom she was dating, because of their age differences.
Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and had to be amputated at the joint.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces.
Linda Thompson tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce Jenner's highly-anticipated interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976.
She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete.
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O'Brien, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25.
Hines was going to escort her to the Lakeside High School prom.
As he waited for his bride-to-be to return, he received a call telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it.
The mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters, Kori, 8, and Rachel, 10; Rachel is staying with relatives.
Driver of the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-
Manchester United have agreed to a short and sharp pre-season tour of America.
Louis van Gaal's side have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer.
Van Gaal and his United players will operate out of one base in America.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm.
Cook has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand.
England somehow try this summer to regain the Ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14.
Ed Miliband accuses David Cameron of 'ducking' chance to defend his record.
Prime Minister will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part.
Miliband says Cameron is trying to be Prime Minister without taking job interview.
PM has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
He posted photos of himself in a wig and pink Dame Edna Everage-style glasses.
The image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he went on run again in December last year upon his release.
Now facing four months in jail for breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison officers.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
She chalked it down to heavy drinking and partying a few days before.
But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms.
Blood clots were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue.
A year later medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung.
Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
The Johanna Johnson show brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night.
Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Sellers quickly fired back: 'She did'
More than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers are being airlifted out of Nepal to safety.
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men, which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs, were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The eight officers include Captain Jason Fox, 42, a two decade veteran and Sergeant Michael Wibunsin, a 12-year veteran.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW when she lost control over her vehicle.
The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed head-on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall.
White trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver, who apparently received her P-plates on the same day her sedan left the road about 9.45pm.
Jessica Ennis-Hill beat Tatyana Chernova in the heptathlon in 2011.
Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 – just 16 days before she beat Ennis by 129 points in South Korea.
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
But it is now reviewing part of this decision and appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
The GMC is concerned that there ‘may have been a material flaw’ in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has reprimanded the staff member responsible for the prank.
30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne.
The message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre's supervisors told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10.
Two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and the friends feel lucky to be alive.
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background.
Manny Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at whoever he comes across, saying: ‘I don’t know much about these things but I like taking portraits’
Pacquiao is the underdog going into the richest fight of his career.
The fight will take place at the MGM Grand on Saturday night.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea had a good shout for an early penalty when Oscar was clipped by Hector Bellerin.
But Michael Oliver was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
The fall was exaggerated and theatrical and that might have influenced Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, one.
Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
Cockayne Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder characterised by a failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head.
Amy Murray, 23, of Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film.
People sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand.
She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £50 compensation and £100 in costs.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
He admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable.
They said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
Incident on March 7 in which train failed to stop at a signal.
According to reports, 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute.
Shark sightings have become commonplace around the New Zealand coastline this summer, including close encounters with great white sharks in Auckland.
Children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around.
In February, a surfer was mauled by a shark off the Southland coast.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
The mysterious creature can be seen aggressively biting through the cage.
Video has sparked heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast.
Some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' from Chinese folklore.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
The robotic vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under the ice.
Icefin is planned to make its Arctic debut in summer 2016, with a return to Antarctica that fall.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The two sides met in the final of last season's competition in Lisbon.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months in jail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpuno Wright.
The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase across state borders.
Tostee borrowed his father's car for a booze-fuelled rise across into northern NSW and then back over the border where he was booked by Queensland police just weeks before he allegedly murdered Ms Wright on a Tinder date.
He will be eligible for parole on August 1.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.
Joe Marler was sent to the sin-bin for the Gloucester clash.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones.
But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while having treatment.
He asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still.
After his story made headlines, staff at children's TV channel sent him a box of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to transform herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit.
Mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
The final result took three hours to achieve after Maria simply googled pictures of bunnies, picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face.
Rescue operation called off after darkness fell on beach in Hokota, Japan.
Three of the 149 dolphins had been rescued, but the rest are 'dead or dying'
Volunteers and residents used slings to carry the animals back to shore.
But some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released.
The creatures are usually found deep in the sea but mysteriously beached.
Leicester have won three of their last four Premier League games.
Nigel Pearson's side are seven points clear of the relegation zone.
The Foxes face Burnley at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Click here for all the latest Leicester City news.
The Barbie doll's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, launched last August.
Since then, swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her 'official style feed', watching as the Mattel icon models an impressive collection of Barbie clothes.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes Arsenal have become a stronger unit this season.
The Gunners have won 16 out of 18 matches in all competitions.
Arsenal are currently second in the Barclays Premier League.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Diego Costa is also on the shortlist along with Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea.
NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.
Flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial.
It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Portrait allegedly hangs in Sturgeon's suburban Glasgow home.
It depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress, black suspenders on display.
Instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by the image.
She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell.
Mark Steven West, 32, admitted to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012 and having sex with the girl in his office.
He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'
The girl admitted as such to police also, telling them she encouraged West to have sex.
Despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated.
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as Hillary Clinton's chief technology officer.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps.
She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Uriel Miranda, 38, died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Six Leeds United players withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani were all injured.
Head coach Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
Researchers at the University of Arizona have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber'
When threatened, the bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues.
The research, including video footage, reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy.
George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take'responsibility'
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United.
Brazilian right-back cracked three ribs during U21 clash with Leicester.
The 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust'
Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
The 37-year-old spent eight years at Cheltenham Town before joining Burnley.
Duff is the only survivor of Burnley's promotion and relegation sides.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after trying to call the teenager's phone.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.
The girl was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their baby.
Boko, from Oldham, was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial, pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
The contest traditionally hosts the contest the day before the major.
No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same week.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
Louis van Gaal gave the Spain international his first team debut.
Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough.
London-based children's clothing company Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.
There are pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is out of contract at the end of the season.
The Scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the defender.
Hearts owner Ann Budge insists the club have no need to sell.
Celtic are also trying to tie up players on pre-contract agreements.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four clash at Kingsholm.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old alive for two weeks.
Men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market.
They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea.
The traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea Ministry of Environment, the Gendarmerie and the Guinée-Application de la Loi Faunique project.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater.
Arsenal have won 15 games in 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger's side are 13 points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
The Gunners lost 2-0 at Southampton on January 1, but turned it on.
Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round replay on Wednesday.
Jordan Rhodes scored the winner in Wednesday night's 3-0 win over Leeds.
Gary Bowyer has challenged Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday.
Unai Emery is often seen gesturing on the touchline during games.
Vicente Iborra said Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend'
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
Manager Steve Evans claimed the Derby man's loan had been extended.
But Rawson was not involved in the 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at Madison Square Garden.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis and Larry Holmes.
A win over Jennings will take Klitschka within one win of Holmes' record of 25.
Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her Hyundai Getz on Wednesday night.
A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder.
The couple had reportedly been in a ‘very tumultuous relationship’ for about four months.
She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Surveillance video shows a car going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen during open training at White Hart Lane.
The adage 'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, analysis finds.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items are being handed out.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks.
She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
But she is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers.
They were discovered by journalist Sophie Robehmed in 2011.
Two male university students, also in London, and two retired men also found them.
Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex.
He was greeted with waves and 'hello John' greetings wherever he went.
'John' turned out to be John Jemison, 74, a 74-year-old former head teacher.
Mr Richardson and Mr Jem
German detectives are ‘closely monitoring developments’ in the £60m London case.
They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week.
In a similar fashion to the German heist, the burglars timed their raid over the Easter bank holiday, entering after the premises emptied on Thursday night and leaving on Easter Sunday.
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
Daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot.
The 19-month-old was only saved when her mother was watching the incident unfold.
Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000.
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares that can endanger Earth.
The changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior.
PM said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich.
But admitted he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner.
He said he had gone 'off script' with the remark adding: 'I suppose it's just the campaign'
Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'
The instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest.
It could mean that arachnophobia, one of the most crippling of phobias, represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
The instinct could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental.
No criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
Gregory van der Wiel has denied he is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain.
The Dutchman has reiterated his 'love' for the Ligue 1 club.
He was dropped for the Champions League clash against Chelsea.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot, which shows the man giving the peace sign, sparked outrage after it was shared on Twitter on Sunday by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Gareth Bale was substituted after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
The Blues have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured working out at Cobham.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday.
Portugal beat Serbia 2-1 to go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I.
Ronaldo was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Real host La Liga's 19th-placed Granada in an 11am kick-off on Sunday.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe on Sunday.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to the defender following his gruesome leg injury.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
The estate also includes an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees, a turret gym, a John Deere tractor, producing vineyards, plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing area.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday.
City have won the last four games and the previous three at Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal's side have lost five in a row to City this season.
Vincent Kompany and Sergio Aguero are two of the best forwards in the Premier League.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends the night of his murder.
Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life.
Mrs Else, 52, said she is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'
She said her life has been 'turned upside down' since the death of her 'friendly and sociable' husband.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials.
Detectives searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat.
The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
Nicolas Sarkozy is being grilled by judges in a criminal court today.
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending.
Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old gelding was ridden by AP McCoy and won by Leighton Aspell.
McCoy will end his career at Sandown on April 25.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan was England team-mates before Pietersen was axed by the ECB.
The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role.
Pietersen has declared himself open to discussions about the role.
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section.
She woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant.
Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix.
It 'clicked' that he was her son, and she made a remarkable recovery.
Mrs Wilson was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival and 85 per cent possibility of brain damage.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
Six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised.
Mr Mull said he had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday.
The referee has sent off three players from Manchester United and City this season.
City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
Clattenburg is generally regarded as one of the Premier League's leading referees alongside Michael Oliver.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in June 2012.
'It tortures because it's something that's always like – why me? Why our house?' a heartbroken Ms Veal told 60 Minutes.
The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed baby Zrayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.
Hicks has offered no explanation
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2.
Jose Mourinho's side are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses.
The Blues are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was killed during a botched sting on April 2.
Bates claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory.
But more severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
The bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec.
Sam Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award along with Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni.
The Exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to Tom Court's try, but Bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 spot in UFC's featherweight rankings.
The featherweight came out hard and fast, and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to Lamas' downfall.
Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes Game of Thrones has great female characters.
She said: 'As women, we accept our femininity and take strength from it, as opposed to trying to hide it and behave in a masculine way'
As series five begins, other female characters are battling for survival - and vengeance.
Tywin Lannister was shot on the toilet by his son, while Ned Stark, played by Sean Bean, was beheaded.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday.
Inter confirmed on their website that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton.
Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
The early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
The girl was in the water in Florida when a giant manatee floated past.
Footage shows her terrified face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Seconds later, she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here', only for friends on a nearby boat to reply: 'It's behind you'
Aueel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water.
Her mother Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery.
He defended the children's mother on Thursday saying he didn't believe she caused the crash deliberately.
Harry Davies-Carr, 11, and brother Charlie, 9, starred in the viral video.
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
It quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on YouTube.
Harry said he finds the video funny, saying: 'It makes me laugh'
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
The married mother of three, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the video.
In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton said she needed immediate surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had the disease.
Mother-of-one was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.
The former world No 3 finished joint third in the Honda Classic.
Casey will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership.
Only Tour members can play on the Ryder Cup team.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters.
He landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14.
Steven Gerrard had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens.
Robbie Fowler scored the Premier League's fastest hat-trick in 1995.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies.
So far, it's been translated into 22 different languages.
The arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity.
Alan Pardew says he is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul.
Palace boss says he has had no contact with the former club.
The 53-year-old insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather.
Ronda Rousey visited the Filipino's Los Angeles training camp.
She said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
The UFC women's champion recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the boy around the store beforehand.
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU asking companies who filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them.
If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of revenues.
This would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
Bath host Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night.
Sam Burgess has played mainly at centre for the Red Rose.
Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
Semesa Rokoduguni has been restored to the right wing.
Tony McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country.
The 20-times champion jockey has won 20 times in a row.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
Released as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country - the Sambisa forest - in an effort to finally defeat the six-year-old insurgency.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she found out more than a decade later that police had removed vital organs.
Andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years for throwing her.
She suffered brain damage and four skull fractures when her crying disturbed his number checking ritual.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a collection of royal memorabilia.
Her collection includes a £1,200 bust of Prince Charles.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Manchester United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness.
Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for derby.
The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration.
Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information from state employees.
The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
With just days to go until Easter, John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights.
Meanwhile, a 64cm high 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack' is now available to buy
Andy Murray and his team will take on France in the Davis Cup quarter final.
Queen's will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19.
Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their debts.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk.
He siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer.
Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return from the garden.
She discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband.
Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa.
Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade - an all-woman militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
They are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of Raqqa and have previously declared children as young as nine should be married.
Aqsa Mahmood is considered to be one of the leaders of brutal all-
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
The quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter.
Jonathan Trott has been in fine form for England and rightly deserved his call-up.
The 33-year-old has been impressive in addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane.
Alastair Cook knows the value an in-form Trott would bring to his side's chances of recording a series win in the Caribbean.
Adele Sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
The spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in Little Italy, a neighborhood of former tenement buildings and narrow streets in Lower Manhattan that was once a bustling center of Italian immigrant life.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional.
Danny Murphy agreed that Krul's gesture was out of order.
But it was a wondrous strike, and a game that has no room either for an acknowledgment of a great piece of technique or for a simple act of sportsmanship.
Bruce Jenner, 65, has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple.
The former Playgirl cover hunk, who won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976, has admitted he was already looking to transition from a man to a woman.
As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change.
Anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Mel Stein, chairman of the London-based Association of Football Agents, thinks the new regulations will 'create anarchy'
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.
She claims she was ‘mocked’ and subjected to ‘gratuitous derogatory’ comments.
So in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers 'without their knowledge'
The executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott has fallen cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
It is understood that Trott is having regular Skype sessions with Peters.
Peters worked with the England football team during the 2014 World Cup.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February, official figures showed.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27.
The Wales and Lions winger was initially suspended for three matches.
Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded.
He missed his side’s Champions Cup quarter-final loss against Toulon last Sunday.
Lindsay, 28, recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow.
The Mean Girls star says she feels 'at home' in London and has no plans to return to the States just yet.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy.
Police have found no evidence of the attack during their investigation.
New ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34% – down five points from a week ago.
New Populus poll found Labour unchanged on 34%, while the Tories were down one, on 32%.
Pollster Nate Silver predicted a hung parliament after May 7 with the Tories winning 283 seats and Labour 274.
Jacob Fairbank was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
The 25-year-old is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
Giants managing director Richard Thewlis said it was 'another bad blow for Bobby'
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Hayley, from Bexhill, East Sussex, defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10.
In an interview with Woman magazine, Kelly gushed about her instructor.
Zumba combines Latin and international music and aerobic activity.
Tony Toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site in eight months.
The billionaire is often seen posing next to wads of cash and bikini-clad models.
He is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
The contest saw Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood go head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season.
The 19-year-old Serbian defender is keen to return to Italy.
Manchester City consider him to be a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-finals.
The Portuguese side had a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage over Bayern.
However, the defeat could be met with a backlash by angry supporters.
Porto were given a hero's welcome as they arrived back in Portugal.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid's Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The centre-back was deployed in midfield to cover Luka Modric's absence.
Ramos has been mocked in the past for his Colemanballs comments that usually amount to declaring himself ‘happy with the three points’ after a cup game.
Everton defender John Stones was on Barcelona's shopping list last summer.
Barcelona ended up signing Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m.
Thomas Vermaelen also moved to the Nou Camp for £15m.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
Sen. Bob Menendez and his wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen are both accused of multiple federal crimes including bribery and honest services fraud.
Melgen is also now under federal indictment, accused of bribing Menendez with gifts and approximately $
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)
In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country.
But in the US herpes was the most searched, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus.
The Queen presented the Duke of Edinburgh with the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia on Wednesday.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted criticism from within Mr Abbott's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition.
He said there would be 'considerable more consultation around these awards' in the future.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at his boyhood club Boca Juniors.
The 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when Boca president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home'
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours on the outskirts of the rebel stronghold of Donetsk.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May and he is expected to stay at the Amanjena resort.
The five-star luxury resort is located just outside the ancient city of Marrakech.
It is the first Aman resort on the African continent and is adorned with lawns, vines, emerald-clay roofs, Moroccan marble fountains and hand-cut tiles known as zellij.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration.
One expert said that Isis released the video to mock the West, to show that it is powerless to stop the group doing whatever it wants.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday night.
The 25-year-old is the highest-scoring German since the tournament began in 1992.
England Women beat China 2-1 at Manchester City's Academy Stadium.
Fran Kirby scored the first goal of her short international career.
Jodie Taylor scored the second for the home side.
Kirby was player of the match when England played the United States in February.
The service will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
In an inspiring essay for Marie Claire, Jenna tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a range of eco-friendly swimwear.
The collection is made of 100 per cent recycled material.
Inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored as Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0.
Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification.
The Reds moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance.
Mr Stevenson said: 'If she wants to be welcomed back to the cove, she needs to say to Daniel, 'I am very sorry I hit you with my car'
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7.
The five girls are still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
Danielle said it was 'overwhelming' changing the babies 'because they're so tiny'
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.
For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes.
The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables.
It allows people to create nutritious, very low-calorie, low-carb ‘pasta’, ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ from everyday fruit and vegetables in less time than it takes to peel a potato.
Jerry Moon, 72, had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington.
But Brown Mortuary mistakenly put body of Robert Petitclerc, 97, in his coffin.
Mr Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag.
The family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China.
It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
The event was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember.
21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
She was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions.
Police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in October.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday.
Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
The 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace’s character Kat Moon.
The veteran actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
Aston Villa boss has set the emotional bar high but it's working.
Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
The Villa squad won't like being called ‘icing-on-the-cake players’
Actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history.
The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor.
Another was named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham at Deepdale.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol.
His desperate friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him.
Police said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
But they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or a digestion problems which meant he couldn't swim.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire, noticed a lump behind his ear.
When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns.
Animal Health Trust confirmed their vets are now using an incubator to heat
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
The newlyweds were brought closer together by process.
And the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together.
Fad involves women tying blue ribbon under breasts and in a loop over arms.
They tie them at the back so that every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent.
Inspired by popular 'anime' cartoon character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls In A Dungeon.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
Mr McKeever said his inspiration for the posters came from his love of travel, retro-style designs and a love of space.
Justin Bettman, sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date.
Bettman said after he read the email there 'wasn't even a question' on whether he would say yes.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today.
The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
Remains discovered wrapped in rope and dumped in front of dig in Trujillo, Peru.
Discovery was made in the early hours of the morning by cleaners.
Police are now investigating how it ended up in a box outside of the main archaeological site.
Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed 20th successive victory.
The 37-year-old Rhinos prop went over twice in the first half to help the Super League table toppers to their fifth win in a row.
Salford last home win against the Rhinos was 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust.
It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
The 30-year-old took the money for herself at the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
Goodall admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014.
She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights.
The Dublin-based airline has made the decision out of safety and comfort concerns.
It follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the party island of Ibiza.
Deputy Prime Minister was heckled by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' Tory cuts.
Mr Clegg said the Chancellor's plans would do'so much damage' to public services.
He added: 'I find it socially and morally unacceptable, but also economically a disaster'
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.
Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich.
'If my mother taught me anything, it's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child,' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to Fox Sports.
After years, Buchanon said he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when
James Ritchie was voted into the job with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago.
Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
Mr Ritchie felt that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability.
The Tasmanian University Union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in Europe and the US.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain.
The 21-year-old law student was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks.
She was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago.
Authorities initially said the fall was a suicide bid.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering Australian shores by boat.
ABC program Lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers.
The drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Despite the multi-million dollar funding, Phil Glendenning - president of Refugee Council of Australia -  told Lateline that he has doubts the
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge.
She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.
In her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
A 42-year-old man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
He then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle.
Police are looking for a man who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner.
Fortunately the station, which is located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident.
Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison.
Six children were blindfolded and asked to pick their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent.
The task was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child.
Ashton Kutcher shared the video on his Facebook page, and wrote: 'I could watch this all day'
Internet star Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has amassed a huge teen following on social media.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that influential vloggers should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts.
Comes after an investigation found that video blogs popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Vigilante group Wicked Pickets have painted over offensive slogans on the side of van hire company Wicked Camper vans.
The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' and 'Flash your t**s at the driver'
The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'Random Breast Testing', and sexualised images of men and women.
Wicked Camper CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when East Village building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast.
Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
In August utility workers discovered that the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, it has emerged.
Stephen Dodd took photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan.
Dodd defended himself by saying he was a long-standing Liverpool fan.
Amir Khan is currently training for his fight against Chris Algieri.
The American will take on the Briton on May 29 at the Barclays Center.
Khan has set his sights on a bout with Manny Pacquiao later this year.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling.
He ended the note by saying: 'I would rather be here with beer + TV'
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford.
Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions, News Corp reported.
Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body in bushland late around 5pm on Friday afternoon, the night before Ms Scott was due to marry.
It has also emerged that one of the last actions
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around.
The former Manchester City manager blames City's poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Pearce believes City will have a good look at themselves in the summer.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players.
One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade via a new online process.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague.
Floyd Mayweather uploaded a picture of his private jet to his Shots account.
The 38-year-old is putting his two belts on the line when he takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali wants to see the Filipino emerge triumphant come May 2.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday.
He had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.
The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in Arizona and New York.
In April, the department fined subsidiary Heald College, alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data.
It said Sunday it had been in 'advanced negotiations' with several parties to sell the 150
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather.
But fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away yet'
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
High There! is the first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts.
It lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships.
Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder.
When High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis.
But now it's available globally via Apple’s App Store and Google Play after getting approval to widen its reach.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan.
The app is available for free to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
This may change depending on how successful the scheme is.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Their federal trial has been reset for July 6 on charges they coerced
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after stabbing wife.
Wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back.
He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and hired a private investigator to follow her.
Harry Kane scored a brace in Tottenham's 2-1 win over Arsenal on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 30 Premier League goals this season.
Kane also scored on his senior England debut this year.
He has also been shortlisted for PFA Player of the Year award.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City.
United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals.
Last November's 1-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium was the fourth successive derby win for City.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to gross more than $300million.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved.
Redknapp attempts to goad Henry into a reaction in the early stages.
But both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them.
McDonald's expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week.
The biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch.
It also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday.
Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Boston coach Brad Stevens didn't think Olynyk hurt Love on purpose.
The Cavaliers would be off until at least Saturday before opening the Eastern Conference semifinals against either Chicago or Milwaukee.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after failing to find love online.
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000, analysis shows.
Experts analysed sold price data from Office for National Statistics, Land Registry, Halifax and Nationwide.
Online estate agent eMoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at market’s peak and were routinely over-pricing their property.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Meekings saw his ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal on Thursday.
Caley Thistle challenged his one-game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball.
The Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case because match officials had seen the incident.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs.
Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’
Nawaz is a rising star of the Liberal Democrats and head of anti-extremism charity the Quilliam Foundation.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
Now, the 17 year-old student could face a battle with Instagram over hackings its API.
According to CNNMoney, the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
Alex Salmond boasted that he would write Labour's first budget.
The former First Minister said he knew Jim Murphy wouldn't be writing it.
He also joked he would 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a Tory poster.
It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to join forces to warn of a 'constitutional crisis'
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time.
But James seems to think his influence with the Cavaliers deserves recognition.
Cleveland Cavaliers secured Central Division title and No 2 seed in the Eastern Conference by defeating Milwaukee Bucks.
All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the films.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
The small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
It has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras, which undercut the builder's access to financing.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
Dyche claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions.
The Clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.
Evans has also been slammed for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats.
Australian Medical Association Victorian president Tony Bartone said Evans needed to stick to what he does best.
Big Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
The Suffolk black lamb was born at Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire.
He dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season.
Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury he picked up on international duty with England.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain remains a doubt for Arsenal.
Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury.
Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around with stun gun.
He first waved it around, then sent volts coursing through Coke can.
But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet.
Proving that the weapon lives up to its reputation, he is instantly laid out on the floor.
Johnny Sexton wants to win a medal with Racing Metro this season.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Racing Metro are in the knock-out stages of Europe’s elite event for the first time.
The flat is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has a grand double-sized reception room, private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
Screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development.
By looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Discovery comes as scientists in the US made a breakthrough that could lead to a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer.
Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves in central London, according to undercover police teams.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas targeting rich Arab tourists in the Park Lane and Mayfair areas.
A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery.
Google has unveiled a U.S. wireless service that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York.
Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was questioned for the next four hours.
FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts.
They asked to forensically image his laptop, but Roberts told them to get a warrant.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit, who landed three Group One races in 2014.
Ride Like the Wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term, posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the Group Three Prix Djebel by a head.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours.
The hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at around 2pm on Thursday.
It was just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian.
Police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to a water main.
One eyewitness said the road 'gave way really slowly'
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Diego Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six matches.
Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list.
Ukip won Rochester and Strood by-election last November and gained its second MP.
Hannah Overton, 37, was convicted of the 2006 murder of her four-year-old adopted son Andrew Burd.
She was released from prison shortly before Christmas and will not face new murder charges.
In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of Andrew.
Andrew died a day after the Overtons took him to the hospital.
Prosecutors claimed he died after Overton punished him by making him swallow spicy seasoning.
His defense was that Andrew had very odd eating habits or even an eating disorder called pica.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
The only food it imports is milk.
There is nowhere better than a rambunctious food market.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala.
The Canberra Capitals basketballer has looked after Zala since she was two days old.
Zala is now 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams.
Bishop will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl.
The five-year-old was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm.
Her mother Monique Douglas has told of her heartache each time she looks at her daughter's disfigured face.
She was infuriated on Thursday when Frankston Magistrates' Court handed dog owner Edward Powell a $1500 fine and no convictions.
Mrs Douglas says her daughter requires day and night masks as well as silicon patches to help heal the permanent scarring.
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket company last year.
An investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
She was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - as she relived her ordeal yesterday.
It was caught on CCTV cameras at The Mirage hotel casino on Las Vegas's strip.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede.
The creative head sent his models down the runway in Milan in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua's iconic 90s hit, I'm A Barbie Girl.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Zhou Qunfei's company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
The 45-year-old was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China.
Her mother died when she was five, and her father was blinded in an industrial accident.
She was encouraged to study hard to get ahead by her father, who encouraged her to work in a glass-processing factory in Shenzhen.
Fed up with her monotonous job, she handed in her resignation after three months, only for her bosses to promote her to a newly-created department.
Research on infants’ brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that newborns do not feel pain and do not need painkillers, even for invasive procedures.
But the new findings suggest that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Andres Iniesta started on the bench for Vicente del Bosque's side.
But Holland boss Guus Hiddink branded the home fans a 'disgrace'
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals.
Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell.
The Longwood University freshman was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final.
Fiorentina will face holders Sevilla over two legs.
Serie A semi-finals will take place on May 7 and 14.
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took heart-breaking image in November.
He did not realise how terrified the girl was until he was editing the photographs.
It was then he realised she was so scared of his camera that'she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon'
It follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to a different cameraman in a Syrian refugee camp.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis, 31, stole her chicken as a child.
Kunis, who moved to LA 25 years ago, is now suing her for $5,000.
Karo claims she suffered emotional trauma when Kunis stole her hen.
The actress and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded with a tongue-in-cheek video.
They claim they will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching the video.
Judy Murray has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children.
The 55-year-old tennis coach said that she taught her son basic dance moves.
Andy and Kim married at Dunblane Cathedral with a service led by the Rev Colin Renwick.
Noelle Reno has broken her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
Socialite, 31, confirms she had split up with her partner of five years.
Young fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in London’s Marylebone.
Inquest was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
Tim McNaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself.
His body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday.
In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police.
He alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it’
Two students were expelled from the University at Albany after Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
No one has been arrested and Albany police said their investigation is continuing.
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
He initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows.
Despite the infestation of birds in their front room, the family remain very calm.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout is being billed as The Fight of the Century.
Former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles.
It boasts tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria.
The impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures and pathways lined with lavender.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's 0-0 draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
Brighton boss Chris Hughton said it is a'real blow' to lose Teixaira.
Click here for more Liverpool news.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study.
86 per cent of those surveyed turn to online retailers to purchase items they are too embarrassed to buy in stores.
The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products, medication... and action figures.
Three-quarters of Australians will spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening.
Anika Stanford, the mother of Vincent Stanford, is assiting police with the murder case against her son.
Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4.
Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court partially masking their faces under their hoodies.
The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
The Formula One world champion remains on pole position but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m.
Jenson Button is just £1m behind Rooney with a fortune of £71m.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide, prompting anger and disappointment from those who have been pushing him to use it.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through.
Kim Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
She last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni and Kim's
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?'
'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half.
The Manchester City midfielder was taken off on a stretcher.
He was given oxygen and put in a neck brace before being taken to hospital.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
First Minister said she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK.
She also revealed that she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament.
The SNP have vowed never to strike a deal to keep David Cameron in Number 10 - whatever the result of the election.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against the wellness blogger.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
The decision comes after Ms Gibson expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
She has not provided evidence of her childcare or floor plan claims at time of publication.
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals.
Chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attack on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.
Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating the video.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night.
Diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers.
Burger King's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers: the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse, the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
The pair fell out over a debt of £300 and Hutchinson borrowed the money.
Hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain.
He needed 16 days in intensive care and Hutchinson was later readmitted to hospital for another 11 days.
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away.
Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally.
Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest.
He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie and 13 others were ordered to be executed.
The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in July 2013.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has lost 100 pounds.
His father Salah Soltan was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as mark of gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects.
Fears expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan.
Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10.
The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Cosmopolitan Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award.
'Obviously, if we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said.
Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival.
Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life'
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions.
Elisa emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow at the weekend.
He thought they had wiggled their way through the snow, but realised it was up to a metre deep in some places.
Following Mr Erstad's discovery, there have been reports of worm rainfall in Lindås and Suldal near Bergen, and also hundreds of miles away in Femunden.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
He made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side.
Woods said his goal is to 'have fun, enjoy it, and don't win'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.
The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes.
Couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11 and police searched the property.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years.
She now boasts a collection worth £10,000 and has four rooms to her name.
Her drawing room is devoted to the Queen, while another, known as the Sandringham Room, is devoted exclusively to Princess Diana.
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, lost consciousness on flight to Orange County, California.
Wife Kelly, who is a Southwest flight attendant, is filing wrongful death suit.
Southwest spokesman said staff are trained to treat such behavior as a security risk.
Sheriff's report said father-of-three's foot was wedged in door as he 'groaned'
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He was prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Mr Farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial.
The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March.
He was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
Education Queensland suspended him from his job after he advised the department he'd been charged.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control at the Volkswagen Arena.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
'According to our work, information isn't lost once it enters a black hole,' says Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour.
Police claim Bolina was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell.
But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries'
The 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland.
The 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the practice lingers on.
Hackers cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said: 'We can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes. We are not yet in a position to re-establish our broadcasting schedule nor to produce programmes'
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday.
But a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday.
The long delays were too much for some passengers who took to the airport floor to rest.
Now, some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, experts told MailOnline.
By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
Symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat.
Dr Jean Emberlin, a leading pollen expert, said the good weather typically brings increases in air pollution, which can make symptoms worse, and again lead them to occur in people who have been symptom free before.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback.
British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights.
Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
Van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened off the road Monday morning, killing three and injuring eight.
The van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side'
The occupants of the van, from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama-based Wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians' equipment.
Prime Minister has requested First Great Western 'urgently review' decision.
Fares will almost double on route between London and Cotswolds.
Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for whole of next parliament.
Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad this summer.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in rush, forgetting his rucksack.
He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from inheritance.
Mr Quinn, 46, of Hereford, said: 'Losing that money would have been the end of my business'
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had a breast that resembled a croissant.
She has had 13 operations to improve the look of her breasts.
Says she would do 'anything' to feel normal again.
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time at Stade Marcel Michelin.
Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try.
Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will not be weakened by injury problems.
Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho says his players require no motivation this week.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him.
England face West Indies in a three-Test series that begins on Monday.
Cook has slightly altered his batting stance after working with Graham Gooch in his enforced off-season.
Kevin Pietersen smashed a huge century on his return to the domestic game with Surrey yesterday.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and children Zoha, seven, and Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry.
They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed.
Mr Malik's family tonight said they were 'completely devastated' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of the banned group Al-Muh
Labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Labour’s biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed.
Chancey Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release if found guilty.
Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August, 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Authorities allege Luna, who was in a Ford Focus with two teenage friends, randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film.
The film was set for last Friday but will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss it.
Following complaints from Muslim students a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters.
Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
He also said.
he had never told anyone he was involved with the Nusra Front.
and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court, it said.
Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley not to leave Everton too soon.
The veteran midfielder has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Barry believes the 21-year-old can achieve anything he wants in the game.
Everton face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
Johnson was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize.
White America wanted to find a 'Great White Hope' who could unseat him.
It would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated, on April 5, 1915, 100 years ago.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
According to police, an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area.
Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound at about 6am.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 at AJ Bell Stadium.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try.
Both sides ended the match with 12 men.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
Paco Alcacer and Sofiane Feghouli scored for the home side.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66.
Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have been key to Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title.
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
Bellerin scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney made his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as United manager in the summer of 2013.
The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from Goodison Park in 2004.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
But it has ruled out another conflict, saying it will mount a legal challenge.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted to League One.
But the Burton Albion manager wants to finish on top of the table.
The Dutchman guided his side into League One for the first time in their history.
Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 and held for five days.
He was convinced by his captors that he had been taken by government forces.
But NBC has now changed its account and said he was taken by Sunni rebels.
It said the group that took him was a 'criminal gang with shifting allegiances'
It also raises concerns that this may have been staged for propaganda purposes.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria.
The 22-year-old converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school.
Damien was severely bullied, and even considered suicide during this painful period, his mother revealed.
But Damien's interest in Islam took a turn in 2011 when he started distancing himself from the family and growing his beard out.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
Police arrested Truong's sister Alyssa Chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap the toddler and his mother.
Amber Alert was issued for the boy Tuesday night, after the mother managed to escape and find help.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power.
Claims he is willing to weaken UK defences to win SNP support.
Comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Jerry Grayson, 59, has tracked down every aircraft he ever flew in the 1970s.
He was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979.
Mr Grayson found that one of the choppers had been converted into a camp.
The Wessex Mark 1 now resides between a gypsy caravan and a bus.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's semi-final against Germany.
The world No 2 said she was looking forward to playing in Sochi.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini guided City to their second Premier League title in three seasons.
Jose Mourinho ended Chelsea's 50-year wait to be champions.
Carlo Ancelotti led Chelsea to their first league and FA Cup double in his first season, scoring a record number of goals that still stands today.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The Manchester United captain had previously been deployed in midfield.
Louis van Gaal looks set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
Protects skin with £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
Also loves to spritz her face with £12 ($18) rose water mist from Glossier.
Andros Townsend was brought on in 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admitted he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before joining Wolfsburg.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo before their January departures to Wolfsburg from Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich respectively.
Napoli face Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter-final on Thursday.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit U.S. television show Jackass and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from
The 15-year-old girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Celtic beat Inverness Caley Thistle 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final.
Sutton says Alan Muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he's not up to the job.
Thieves targeted 294 vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz.
The gang, who fled with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found.
It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London.
During that near-identical raid 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday.
He and a friend were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
One of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly, who died at the scene.
Authorities are also asking for help tracking down five people who were in the area at
Dion Dublin joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series.
The former Aston Villa frontman looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford.
Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton.
Adrien Broner rejected a contract offer by fledgling promoter Jay Z.
Broner was pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday.
The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She was expected to be 3'8 tall, but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10, enabling her to be more independent.
Titan's willingness to lend his mom a helping hand is one of the reasons she is confident he will be a fantastic big brother.
Jasmine Dinjar is the girlfriend of Jesse Willesee's son.
Jesse lit up a joint at Sydney Town Hall on Monday as part of the 420 campaign.
The couple are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise cannabis.
Jasmin posted a series of provocative images on Instagram.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, in Yuma, Arizona on Friday when she was distracted.
The stroller rolled away from her and the boys fell into the water.
Police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult.
A Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
As of Sunday, the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys had raised over $10,000.
Audrie Pott, 15, fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party.
She awoke to find lewd comments scribbled over her body.
Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages.
They also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around Saratoga High School in Northern California that'served to shame and humiliate her'
Fiona Steane, 50, has 3ft long hair, Sarah Rihal 50, Melanie Brown 60 and Vanessa Thorpe 40.
Fiona's mother refused to cut her hair off when she was 15, so she's had it trimmed twice a year.
Sarah Rihal, 50 and Melanie Brown, 60, have 4ft hair and Vanessa Thorpe, 40, has 2ft 10in.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
Floyd's most unhealthy food craving has got to be 'fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce'
The 38-year-old does not follow a structured training regime.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate’s squad finished fourth last May.
The nucleus of that group will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships this June.
The island of Saint Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year, an airport will open on the island and make this British Overseas Territory no longer quite so isolated.
Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said.
He accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' and said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The details of the arrangement have never been made public and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to molestation.
He walked in on boy performing sexual act on 11-year-old at his Florida home.
Frolander, who had been molesting boy for years, then took him to back room.
Boy's father, 35, saw him with swollen lips and eyes, black bruises.
Photo of him in bloodied state was quickly shared thousands of times online.
Now, defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by judge.
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
Brahimi and Sandro are also on City's summer wish-list as they look to revamp their squad.
City are currently fourth in the Premier League table with 64 points from 33 games, 12 behind the pace of leaders Chelsea.
Manny Pacquiao stole the show in an advertisement for Foot Locker in November.
Pacquiao joked about the possibility of facing Floyd Mayweather.
Foot Locker have now released a follow-up advert where the Filipino acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go.
The last domino gently hits an orange ball, causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Hillary Clinton told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America.
That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant Ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong.
The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's.
The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June, and has an estimated 28 million downloads.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, were robbed in Swindon, Wiltshire.
The pair had been to a lunch club meeting when an 'evil looking' man approached.
He tried to grab Mrs Mason's basket, before grabbing her by the arm.
Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
Unidentified man was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed up on two beaches north-east of Tokyo.
The whales are in fact a species of dolphin and were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore said the level of damage to this area affects a person's ability to detect sarcasm.
The inherent humour in the comments also defused the tension that comes with anger.
Sarcasm is well known as a complex form of communication as it requires the listener to understand the literal meaning of what someone is saying.
Charlotte Briggs was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Seven-year-old was instead offered one at Shooters Grove Primary, two miles away.
Her mother Lynne, 49, said taking her daughter to school and back would force her to quit her job.
She said: 'I wouldn't be able to drop Charlotte off at school and get into town for work'
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching appeal.
Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under President Adly Mansour.
West Ham will have cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings to fans.
New TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady hit out at suggestions Jurgen Klopp is set to replace Sam Allardyce.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013.
The 25-year-old was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year.
He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs.
After his father died, he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow.
That, combined with escalating drug and alcohol use set the stage for the murders, family and friends have said.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note reads, in part:.
I noticed you left your lights on. The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle. I left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box'
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness.
The club need to think bigger and improve the team, and if they arrive, they will motivate the big players already at City.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
One of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
Footage shows Nicholas looking confused at first when he's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season put the result beyond doubt.
Christian Eriksen's curling free-kick missed his team-mates and Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal.
Tottenham boss John Carver fears his side could yet plummet towards the bottom three.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has been out since damaging knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26.
Brendan Rodgers says Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to recapture his best form this season.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu has risen 50ft.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby.
Ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area.
Police made grisly discovery on outskirts of Milngavie, nine miles from Glasgow.
Officers made the discovery last night as they combed rural land.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with Karen Buckley's death.
Police say they are following a 'definite line of enquiry' into her disappearance.
Miss Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving nightclub with a man at 1am on Sunday.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave Anfield.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer for the forward.
Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was tackled to the floor and 'hog tied'
He claims he suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on ventilator.
Reardon has denied charges of evading a peace officer, DUI, DUI with alcohol or drugs within 10 years of a prior and resisting an executive officer.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Montreal Impact to a credible draw.
Impact need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg to become the first Canadian team to win the CONCACAF tournament.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
McCoy has 4,357 winning memories and Eddie Arcaro had 4,779, including five Kentucky Derbys.
To be a jockey is to live a life of denial, early nights, early mornings, restraint at the dinner table.
A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet.
He casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants.
But a toilet was only 18 metres away and the worker was sacked.
Th Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, said he was sacked with immediate effect.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston.
Scott jumped out of the car and fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
Young quipped that the absence of Leigh Halfpenny meant that Wasps only had ‘about five world-class full-backs to worry about’
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless.
Struggling to to escape the much smaller insect's grasp the hapless prey contorts itself into an array of shapes as it tries to escape.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places.
City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
Two people treated at the scene following the crash in Goodge Street this morning.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath of the crash on camera.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his £35,000 Audi A5 outside the dealership.
He says it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up and is not fit for purpose.
Mr Beefnah says he parked his car there as a warning to other drivers.
But he intends to keep his car parked outside Chelmsford Audi until his civil case is resolved, and is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
For instance, Caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life, which may have been the result of damage to his brain from the strokes.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time.
Quentin Letts says William is a 'new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood'
A ‘blob’ of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
The researchers said that it might not only be causing warmer temperatures on the West coast, but also cooler temperatures.
But it could also be playing a part in circulating cold and wet air to the central and eastern states of the US.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times.
As she lay dead on the floor, he called two more vice girls over to his home.
He then raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.
His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes.
Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.
On Thursday, a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal with a trip to the Emirates on the horizon.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started.
The last time he did, United were beaten by Arsenal in the FA Cup and Di Maria was sent off.
Eli and Silas Keslar of Yuma, Arizona, died after falling into canal last week.
Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page has been set up to pay for their memorial and medical costs.
Fund has raised over $10,000 so far, but authorities say foul play is not suspected.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night.
They found Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, refusing to leave the establishment.
She kicked a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
When police tried to place the suspect in their patrol car she kicked out and struck one of them in the thigh and groin multiple times.
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
Ten-year-old Martha had been playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside.
She was caught out by a strong current and swept half a mile out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to rescue her.
They pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
But despite the crew successfully rescuing Martha, they have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets.
QPR are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season.
Couple were fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
The unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
Mohamed Diame is set to return from injury for Hull City.
The £3.5m midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury.
Steve Bruce says Diame will be involved at some stage of the match.
Hull are currently three points above the Premier League relegation zone.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his Indiana home to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
He also blamed what happened on a day of heavy
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility.
Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts texture.
Here, Tessa puts some favourites to the test.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Aston Villa are currently three points above the relegation zone.
Villa face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Michael Conlan and Paddy Barnes were in action for Italia Thunder in Venezuela.
Conlan was on verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win.
Barnes extended his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Britt McHenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman, who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Screengrabs of the conversation on March 12 have been posted on Sparkman's blog.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish.
Eddie Howe's side set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral.
Benaud took 248 Test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
It’s also possible that the Californian tech giant will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iPhone 6C.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
She is accused of having food shoved in her mouth and being struck with a hairbrush.
The youngster had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton.
She was removed from the plane and met by police after she was accused of causing a security breach.
Transavia Airlines have said the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease.
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Sia's Chandelier.
Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle, was the inspiration for the Today show's colorful performances.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track'
The Mercedes pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.
But Hamilton adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles.
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
She has not been allowed back into classes since Monday.
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January.
Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage.
Gadahn's father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park.
It ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
Venues in 15 cities, including Los Angeles and Queensland, participated in the event.
John Frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’
During his long career as a Customs specialist at London airports, Frost has had to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you.
As they riffle through travellers’ bags, Frost and his team frequently detect drugs.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window from the apartment complex earlier this month 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.
CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits.
Some of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
But according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
'Y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class. #hailstate [sic],' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday.
The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many commenting on how Roman is their hero.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored twice in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura after 3-0 win.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966.
It activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour.
They then compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol.
The Comfortably Numb device numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds.
The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
A commonly used topical patch takes about an hour to work, whereas their new device 'works on the order of seconds and minutes'
It is intended for use during procedures 'where you have to get shots in more sensitive areas of the body, such as the face or the groin'
James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales.
The Gloucester fly-half has only made two starts for Wales since 2011.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland can't find room for Hook in his squad.
Hook says he is focusing on what he needs to do at Gloucester.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the season.
Toner is one of Villa's promising young players who captains their Under-21 team aged just 18.
Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Aston Villa's young talent.
Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband Kim Jong-un.
The couple were watching a football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday.
Match was part of a series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung.
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He said: 'I'm over the moon to be coming north'
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16.
There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election.
But the party's key campaign issues are now 'back in play' with voters.
Ukip support has fallen from 16.75% in November to just 12.25% today.
Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
The youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11.
Arrests come as Scotland Yard arrests 19-year-old at Luton Airport.
Yahya Rashid is suspected of acting as an Islamic State smuggler.
Lucy was the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton was discovered in 1974 in Ethiopia.
It is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday.
They trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names.
The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
ISIS is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group, whose forces have captured large swathes of Iraq and Syria.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations.
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
The I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! franchise has taken a leap from the  Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey, Surrey.
On 27 March Thorpe Park launched  the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze, inspired by the hit TV show.
New technology and Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze's
Filmmakers plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Paris Picnics is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital like a local.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
The picnics are the brainchild of American couple Patrick Johnson and Katia Kroupnik.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the lunch club.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Mrs Maxwell had just returned from her shift with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing last Thursday when she learned of the win.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos.
Says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success.
Claims she gets sick money because of tattoo-related comfort eating.
Also suffers from depression, which has caused her to go up three dress sizes.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before his death.
He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
The incidents happened in Hua Hin, a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments.
Mr Bird said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38k a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibault Courtois was exceptional in Chelsea's win over Queens Park Rangers.
Courtois has struggled in previous weeks and his error led to a goal for Hull on March 22.
The Belgian has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
Four sandstorms have hit the north-west of the country this year alone.
China's National Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions.
The red sand swept across the northern region bringing strong winds and floating sand to the regions of Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Ningxia and Shaanxi.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday.
Police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her 48-year-old husband's upper torso.
The victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
Mathis and her husband were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the Barrio Logan section of San Diego.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home.
He immediately found himself nose-to-nose with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child.
Moore then jumped out of his car and punched Mr Cegilka through open window.
Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off.
Finally, he armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him' in the street, before running after Mr C
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
Vesta, discovered in 1807, is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet Ceres.
It completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes, with a temperature ranging from -3°C (27°F) to -188°C (-306°F
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey braved Taliban fire to save wounded comrade.
The 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the award.
He is only the sixth living British soldier the Queen has presented with his medal.
In 2013, he braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in Helmand to rush to the aid of a wounded US Marine.
The self-styled Mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of members of Mexican high society.
They post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
The images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year after taxes.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged from their flats into the basement below.
Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three people were injured and a main road in Sheffield was closed off.
Two developers were jailed for 12 months each today for health and safety offences.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked briefly for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston.
Spencer allegedly fired her on July 10 because she 'did not have pizzazz'
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.
Watson, who is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week, got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11%)
Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth.
Amazing pictures offer first glimpse into melted reactors at the Japanese plant after 2011 nuclear disaster.
More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago.
Tokyo Electric Power Company admitted the robot had only completed two-thirds of Friday's planned mission inside the Unit 1 containment vessel before it failed.
Gigi, 19, said Kendall has a good sense of when to stand up and when to back off.
Kendall's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues.
Lexi Boling, 21, tagged her friend Binx, 20, in the comment.
Teen Vogue cover star Binx replied: 'That's f****d up'
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
Rama's paintings reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar reading a text message.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was thrown.
Witnesses said Jordan Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room as if throwing a cricket ball.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye.
At Preston Crown Court, Goode, from Tipton, sobbed as he admitted wounding and escaped with
Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus on Wednesday.
Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against Joe Hart.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers X-ray-like vision.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
A setting called Augmented Parking shows the driver the distance to the curb, by projecting images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror on the glasses.
An icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display when the wearer
Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for first-time buyers.
He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
But he also wants developers to stop building on undeveloped land.
It is thought the policies contributed to the fall in shares in leading housebuilding firms.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Blackburn Rovers beat Leeds United 3-0 at Elland Road.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Rovers.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Saturday.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
St Helens lost their third straight derby defeat.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory fans will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC on Friday night.
Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg.
The incident follows as Glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap.
Actor Aidan Turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique in Poldark.
The 31-year-old was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes.
New images have emerged of the actor looking a little more hirsute.
In images shot to promote another BBC series, the actor appears to have a much thicker chest of hair.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
The filing comes just months after the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary and Hamilton gushed about his wife on social media.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his golfing career.
McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the Masters.
The World No 1 is currently preparing for the 2015 tournament in Augusta.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
But she is not even standing for election to the Commons.
She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power.
English Bulldog named Hazel attempts to get the better of a washing basket.
The video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket, which sits on its side.
With its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it, before quickly running around in a circle.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire - something that will be decided by a government-appointed terrorism board, not a judge and jury.
The bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month.
The TV personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on April 23 to be broadcast the following day.
It would have marked his first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas'
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Winterburn says Wenger should be given more two more years at Arsenal.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning purposes.
Other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting. purposes.
Manchester United host Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
The Colombian striker was speaking at the #HeadtoHead event.
Falcao says he is happy at United despite playing a bit-part role.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested last month after allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance.
Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
The stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges.
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building.
The tiny, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, right up to the Capitol.
Hughes made the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic.
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces and cleansed with nightingale poop.
Patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature.
But researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan.
Experts from various institutions have previously claimed that termites nibble away at grassroots in certain grasslands of southwest Africa, causing the dieback of vegetation.
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her third grade class to pen letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
He collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution.
The 60-year-old is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot dead Daniel Faulkner in 1981.
Zuniga has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online.
But said they had wanted to write to him in prison.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found at High Craigton Farm, north of the city.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death.
Hundreds of mourners attended a vigil at Glasgow's George Square today.
The vigil was organised by former Scottish Socialist politician Rosie Kane.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
The fight will attract a record amount of revenue from sponsorship.
Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband.
Clark named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem a 'hallelujah diamond' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Doctors desperately tried to stabilise her but she died just three hours later.
Dr Simon Cotton, a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill and why it is so dangerous.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
But the 23-year-old said she wasn't offended by the stunt and was just doing her job.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did'
Campaign group Object condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department.
In a terse interview last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court.
The shift puts Clinton's views in line with the Obama administration's Justice Department, which in January 'committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available as broadly as possible'
Terrill Wayne Newman, 68, is vying to become Governor of Kentucky.
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
The newly-christened Galbraith filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He suggested Miliband had only rejected the idea because he was 'under pressure from the Conservative press'
This comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
She said: 'I can help Labour be bolder … take the chance to kick David Cameron out of Downing Street'
Tinie Tempah, 26, performed at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night.
He arrived late and then played two songs before leaving the venue.
Club Chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
Her Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of Asda store.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath seat.
A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
The midfielder will miss the German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday.
Bayern have already lost top scorer Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Holger Badstuber and Franck Ribery.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Jose Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
But it was shelved after it proved ineffective in treating certain tumours.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
Study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in Alzheimer's patients.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
This means it will work with the iPhone 6, but not iPhone 6 Plus.
In theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements will work because the processing power comes entirely from the gadget.
Immerse is available to buy from
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6 million in its opening weekend.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
It now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise.
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
The Scot posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers on Twitter.
Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Hart won his 50th cap against England on Tuesday night.
He labelled Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game'
David Beckham has wispy grey strands peppering his beard.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting the look.
Scott Ade, a stylist at Daniel Hersheson, believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey.
Here, FEMAIL looks at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked £1,000-trip to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter.
But doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and booked it.
Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights.
EasyJet has since apologised and said it will refund the additional cost.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez scored two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
Ramsey said: 'I've felt the experience of losing in a final and it's not a nice feeling'
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is hitting the big time in Hollywood with Drew Barrymore a fan.
Founder Robin Antin has joined Kylie Gulliver as business partner.
Gulliver says the brand has sky rocketed from being a'small solely-owned start up' to a complete lifestyle brand.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But he fell and hit his head and fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
But Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores.
Aljaz Bedene has been granted British citizenship by the International Tennis Federation.
British No 1 Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
Murray says Bedene is a great server who could possibly move up the rankings.
The 27-year-old Scot admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week.
Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.
The father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Joe Hart has labelled Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game'
The Manchester City goalkeeper earned his 147th cap against England.
Hart said Buffon was an inspiration after the 1-1 draw with Italy.
Christy Mack, 23, claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship.
Mack, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, is still undergoing reparative dental work while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder.
The journey, she told ESPN, has been monumental.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
He said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K Run were left exhausted.
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break.
They continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres.
Organisers appealed for those affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit.
Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his'
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
The heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Scientists have blamed the changes happening there on human-generated global warming.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
He wrote 'I promise to do all I can to keep the club in the league' on a sheet of paper.
Johnson asked his players to put their signature on it.
Cheltenham are 23rd in League Two and trail Hartlepool United by a point.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox.
An announcement from the telecoms giant, already the biggest cable company in the country, could come as early as tomorrow.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Palace have won six out of 10 league games since taking over.
Pardew insists he has no plans to leave Selhurst Park.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old joined in a pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor.
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.
Individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 Martian orbits were combined to create the map.
Warning signs have been put up in the municipality of Lastres in north-western Spain.
They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November, which ended a 3-1 win for the home side.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day.
Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
The 50% discount does not apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at £8,000 in the US and £299 in the UK.
Apple will sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale, three times the first-day sales
Jean-Marie Le Pen said Marine Le Pen'may want me dead'
The 87-year-old is honorary president of the far-right party.
He is known for his anti-semitic views, and was found guilty of Holocaust denial in 2008.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored.
Wenger says his side must be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer, signing a two-year deal.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique's performance.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the La Liga title.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State.
More than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly released near Kirkuk.
The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being executed.
But instead, they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover.
They were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The warden tried to put a ticket on his borrowed Lamborghini but walked away.
Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea.
He was sensationally sacked from Top Gear last month after a 'fracas'
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
Captain Jack Slade was a flight lieutenant in WWII and received many distinguished service medals.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
The 41-year-old's world record time of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years later.
Sunday's race will be her final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
QPR boss believes Sherwood has a good squad and knows how to manipulate players.
Ramsey and Sherwood were in the trenches together at Spurs last season.
Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events.
He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014.
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children.
Some teachers have to use Google translate to make lesson plans in other languages.
They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of additional needs of those from abroad.
Stephen King has announced Sony will be putting his'magnum opus' The Dark Tower in cinemas.
The eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower.
Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe are said to be interested in the lead role.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
He condemned the decision by Wiltshire Police as 'pathetic'
Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was sent flying to the ground.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
Patrick Vieira has worked with some of the best managers in the business.
Pep Guardiola stepped up from coaching Barcelona reserves to become the youngest manager to win the Champions League.
Ross McCormack gave Charlton the lead after eight minutes with a superb long ball by Michael Turner.
Matt Smith headed on to the Scotsman to loop the ball over the top of Charlton goalkeeper Stephen Henderson.
Johann Gudmundsson scored his 10th goal of the season into the top right corner.
Fulham now sit 20th in the table eight points clear of fellow London rivals Millwall.
The European Space Agency’s Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
The probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby.
On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface.
But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas it was flying through.
It was placed into ‘safe mode’ to preserve its safety, during which it switched off its science instruments to replace them.
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
The 18-year-old had a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation.
Merrion Square was a hotly-tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to runway in Red Sea resort of Hurghada.
Passenger said unruly passenger began causing problems near back of plane.
Plane was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed by an armed officer.
Thomas Cook Airlines said it has a 'zero tolerance policy' for disruptive behaviour.
Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen in Shoreditch, London.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut.
All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru.
Liverpool have put a £50m price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old.
If Sterling leaves for one of the Barclays Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Gareth Bale to leave Real Madrid.
Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines.
Liverpool will not budge from their £100,000 contract offer to Sterling.
Argentine Paulo Dybala is set to be on his way to the Premier League this summer
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Video shows shell cases flying as police officer Eddie Trimino shot him.
Hall's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
They claim Hall was being chased by police before he was shot at five times.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon.
In 15 years, biometric scanning will make check-in a seamless process.
Bars will become more prevalent on flights, as well as socialisation pop-up pods.
Airbus believes planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows.
Samantha Giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being dragged behind a car.
She was left for dead in a gutter on Myall Road in Casula, south west of Sydney.
One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident.
Police are searching for others they believe were involved.
Researchers at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
The largest cluster was 'younger healthy females' - also the youngest group.
'Heavy drinking males' showed similar characteristics, but consumed a high level of alcohol.
But they were less likely to be managing their weight, but did report above average levels of physical exercise and walking.
Footage shows Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch.
The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen in Stratford, London, at 10.30pm yesterday.
The Hungarian national came to the UK six months ago and was traced this morning.
She was wearing a red jacket and black leggings with white stars on legs.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
The egg measures 1.8cm and is smaller than a 5p coin.
It was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, by a hen called Muffin.
Shannon is storing it in the fridge for safe-keeping.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
Puerto Rican-born fighter has a 29-0 (17 KOs) record and holds the Ring Magazine, WBC and WBA (Super) Light Welterweight titles.
Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-1 with 17 KOs.
Classic FM presenter John Suchet has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis.
He has written a book and become honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
In 2009, he broke down on air as he gave an account of wife's battle.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
His weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots, which see her don a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick.
Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making coffee and going to the bathroom.
The 90-second video has already attracted an impressive three million views on YouTube.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
The 37-year-old returned to her home on Thursday evening.
Her husband, Sabino Matera, has made a desperate plea for information.
Police have released a photo of Jessica smiling as an investigation is launched.
Jessica is described as being Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, with a slim build and black hair.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter.
Eco Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
Footage captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles.
Tracey Cox offers advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
She says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday night.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues before Dominic Solanke doubled the lead.
Abraham restored Chelsea's lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had restored parity.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez departed.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places.
Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice.
'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old Precious Richardson Coleman, family members say.
Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in Nicetown, Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her.
That's when Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle, Damon Watson, 37.
Spence was taken to Temple University Hospital in critical condition, where she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee.
The incident was the climax of a simmering feud between
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in the 19th minute.
Kris Commons equalised for the visitors eight minutes later.
The win lifts Celtic eight points clear at the top of the Premiership.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed but no fractures were found.
Silva tweeted: 'All the tests have gone well and I'm already home'
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years.
It also contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff.
Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of one of the group
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
The couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
New image was taken in run-up to last month's visit to the U.S.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Mr Ryan has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola.
The Italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola as agent.
Belgium striker has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season compared with 15 last term.
Lois Lerner was subpoenaed by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in May 2013 after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal.
The IRS gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years.
Lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a 2013 hearing, and then refused to answer lawmakers' questions – a choice that the Obama administration now says was perfectly legal.
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old wore a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves.
Mary spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25.
Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat.
The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95.
Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling dark and white chocolate eggs called 'The Chocolate Pistols' in their NSW and Victorian stores.
Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs.
Plane reported to have made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway.
There were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew on board.
Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul.
Local television footage appeared to show evidence of a hard landing.
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police said a number of shots were fired at the windows of the unoccupied house.
Detectives are now appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
The Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that Knapp has fallen foul of.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
Real Madrid face Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Benzema has stated he can win the Ballon d'Or award during his career.
Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House.
The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away.
Wigan Warriors beat Wakefield Wildcats 40-22 at Rapid Solicitors Stadium.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick for the Warriors.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Despite his comments, Laing will walk free on May 15.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli in the Coppa Italia on Wednesday.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final.
But they were knocked out after a familiar tale of missed chances and poor defending.
James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee.
Both Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary.
The NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour.
It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday's game.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee for new or renewed travel documents.
The findings are contained in a new GoEuro infographic which ranks the world’s most powerful passports.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, revealed in an interview that she was bullied as a teenager.
She was bullied for her striking looks, which led to her being home-schooled.
The supermodel was scouted at Primark, Hammersmith, at just 15.
Now she walks for the likes of Balmain, Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique.
Dunn has openly criticised the fashion industry for lack of black models.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season.
The 19-year-old has been overtured from Republic of Ireland and England.
Grealish has met Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Cordoba are rooted to the bottom of La Liga and need to raise funds.
Researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain.
The experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others.
They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties'
Hoey ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council.
Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the Court of Appeal.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
They claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans.
Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii.
Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival and joking that 'gym memberships and ecstasy dealers' would be hardest hit.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible.
The quadriplegic man, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket.
He was hospitalized with dehydration, malnutrition, a cut to his back and eye injuries.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.
A new video of Rihanna appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her.
After the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding the nose for several seconds.
It has been claimed Rihanna posted this comment on Instagram in response to claims that she was taking hard drugs.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday.
French League president Frederic Thiriez has been asked to resign.
Geronimi has called for Bastia president to step down.
PSG won their fifth League Cup with doubles by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One.
Obama said the fallout from rising temperatures is 'not a problem for another generation'
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the Colorado Gator Farm, said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
He has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
The Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g.
The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago.
Cadbury's parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season.
Zombie stars are thought to be leaving a'mass grave' of white dwarf stars.
They are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel.
But why there are so many of these stars here remains a mystery.
Nasa's NuStar telescope has captured a new high-energy X-ray view.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Prime Minister urged audience to support West Ham during election speech.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Cameron has been a Villa fan since his teens and was taken to Villa Park aged 13 by his uncle Sir William Dugdale, who was club chairman from 1975 to 1982.
Last week the PM tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.
She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.
Sharpe also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever'
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production.
Based on the novel by Walter Tevis, the 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet.
Bowie is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team.
The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos.
Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Ratinho sported his new hairdo during his side's Brazilian Cup clash with Atletico PR on Thursday night.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Remo drew plenty of attention during the game with the veteran midfielder copping a number of heavy challenges during a physical first half.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades at the object.
Finnistan shares an 833-mile border with Russia and has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of Russian air force sorties.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries.
He remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Scott Holder, a financial adviser from Santa Rosa, California, and Jon Reiter, a contractor from nearby Kenwood in Sonoma County, were caught up in the deadly avalanche.
Reiter, who was making his third attempt at the summit, called is wife Susan by satellite phone.
He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive'
Ashleigh Stumler from Charlotte, North Carolina, thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on Mount
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple.
She made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby.
The video was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield.
FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event.
Sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage.
Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich.
West Ham are closing in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford.
The 17-year-old was invited to train with the club's academy earlier this month.
Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court. He has been in the area, where he has family, for a couple of weeks.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology.
In the story, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the frat the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist.
The Columbia Journalism School will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8pm on Sunday.
Scot's College has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university.
The University of Sydney's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, has run the pilot program with Scot's College.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the university.
An unnamed trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them.
Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure said Gerrard was'sad' but also felt sorry for the club's fans.
Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Massaging your 'third eye',  the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration.
Massage reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer for optimum nutrient absorption.
Swapping cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids.
Ipswich Town left back Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account.
Mings replied two minutes later: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work'
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483.
Alaska is second, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
The top five is completed by Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
People who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions.
At least half a million Britons suffer from sleep apnoea - a condition often typified by heavy snoring.
The condition causes the muscles in the airway to contract during sleep, which cuts off the air supply, usually resulting in a heavy snore.
Zak Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds.
Hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by England for breaching team discipline during the 2013 World Cup.
The one-cap England international will also forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for the club's foundation.
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted.
Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco.
The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4.
Subsequently, anyone running Android 5.0 or above are not at risk and the security experts are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible.
In April last year a group of German
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham last month.
Reid had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
The 26-year-old is set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/2017.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open.
The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
The hard-line approach comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
A subsequent galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.
Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
For his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents.
His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving.
She was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old pupil.
Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also 15, accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year.
Granado was suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was in Augusta.
The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt.
She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Pictures prompted a storm on Twitter as fans criticised Miss Sokie.
Others voiced their envy at her closeness to the singer.
Bankruptcy rates remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid.
Vince Young earned a reported $64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his NFL career.
Michael Vick, who made more than $130million, is still playing has he attempts to pay off his $18million bankruptcy debt from 2008.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***.'
The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
Brendan Rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington.
Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
The pair had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, but the house was left to rot.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby on Sunday afternoon.
Temperatures in the north west hit between six and eight degrees Celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off.
Gary Neville described the trio as a 'weed' in Manchester City's garden.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
300,000 people visit Salzburg every year to soak up the magic.
It’s the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
The Old Town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses.
Szburg is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn’t rush about embracing change.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his seven-year-old son, Evan.
The tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away from the U.S.
Mr Hall said Evan believed the fairy was from Down Under.
He said Evan had not stopped talking about his 'Australian tooth fairy' since this happened.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life'
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care if Chelsea win the Premier League.
The Blues lead the table by six points with a game in hand.
Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke City on Saturday.
Diego Costa is back in training but could not be fit enough to start.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job, while in Estonia, only around 40% did.
People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
London Mayor launched Tory campaign with speech in Mill Hill, North London.
Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home.
Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens wanted a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Said polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls.
'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' Mccomb testified.
Mccombs and Musick were charged with murder in the 2013 murder of Day.
The car, registered as BTB 478A, is being sold at Bonhams' Aston Martin sale in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, on May 9.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
There were about 1,100 DB4 Series III cars made from 1958 to 1963.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827secs.
The Finn was two tenths of a second up on team-mate Sebastian Vettel.
Vettel only managed 12 laps due to a loss of power with his car relatively early in the session, but with enough time in hand to ensure he returned to the circuit.
McLaren's Fernando Alonso was an encouraging seventh, finishing 0.771secs down.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
She said that the project helped her to understand her job on a deeper level.
Fighters from 100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State.
Worryingly, the report warned if IS was defeated then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
The cat's owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
Couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two individual prizes at Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder is delighted with the'special' season for the Hoops.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season.
The Stoke striker is recovering from a serious knee injury.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.
The operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful but when Marina returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog she noticed lots of bruising on the its back.
She asked the vet about it, who told her it was from the operation.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn, and is expected to have a skin graft.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Spanish derby.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital on Wednesday.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the Champions League quarter-final.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following his storming start to the new Formula One season.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa is preparing for the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys.
It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke.
The images sparked a furious response from Twitter users, with several getting in touch to complain about the gender stereotyping.
Many parents responded by posting pictures of their children playing with 'the other gender's toys'
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
The defeat was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go.
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders.
Daley Blind, Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
Stuart McCall's Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship.
The Gers have a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South.
Rangers face Hearts in the play-off final on Saturday.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp performed a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own.
The pair were a hit together at Liverpool during the 1990s.
Redknapp was equally adept on the mic as the pair entertained the audience with their rendition of the rap.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day.
But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated.
Her initial story was that she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on.
She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby.
An autopsy listed the cause of death as sudden unexplained infant
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since fugitive stole files.
Extremist websites have also released encryption programmes for followers.
Henry Jackson Society has found at least three Al Qaeda affiliates have altered their communications.
Lane Smith, 26, died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014.
He left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son.
Now, nearly eight months after his passing, the young Oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait.
Photographer Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming’s bulging wallet.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He allegedly walked up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt.
The young man posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy.
After discussions with 'oncologists, healers and specialists around the world', in her final weeks she began a course of targeted radiation.
'This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life,' her fiance Tallon Pamenter said.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup.
The Premier League rivals will be joined by Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy.
United’s match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch Real Madrid at the Big House.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant.
Dubai is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East.
Despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-1 in their Premier League clash.
Ander Herrera scored a brace in the win.
Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho were in deep conversation during Barcelona training.
The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 is breeding managers.
Luis Enrique faces Laurent Blanc at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
The attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area, which can be accessed via the doll's right foot.
Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
Todd Larson, 55, told Daily Mail Online he had parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25.
Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am.
Mr Larson said the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and that the glass was shattered into a fine powder.
He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before getting into landscape photography.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of him missing the top of the Eiffel Tower on social media.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo.
Over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the tower, as many tourist pictures aim to achieve.
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in Game of Thrones.
The Scottish actor has been catapulted into the spotlight with his 'Poldark and handsome' appeal.
Travis Fimmel, who stars in Vikings, is flying the flag for Nordic hunks.
Cigar use is on the rise in the US, where the study was carried out.
More young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new ranges of flavoured ones.
Researchers found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout.
A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head, demanding money.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much cash to have kept in the register.
Now Popeyes have offered Holcomb $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for almost one month.
Independent investigators called into Royal Oldham and North Manchester General.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
All of the deaths are believed to have occurred between December 2013 and July last year.
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friend's daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
But the athlete also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Sudan, 43, is the last of five northern white rhinos left in the world.
He was moved from a zoo in the Czech Republic to Kenya in 2009.
Rangers have even cut off the rhino's horn to deter poachers.
But they are aware they are risking their lives to keep him safe.
Independent review of Rolling Stone's story about alleged gang rape at University of Virginia found 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism.
Journalists at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story Sunday night.
Rolling Stone bosses commissioned the review after the story, by contributing editor Sabrina Rubin Erdely, was called into serious question.
Minute-long clip shows S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth.
A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia.
It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC.
It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil.
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
The find sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Fabian Orellana threw a lump of grass towards Sergio Busquets.
The Celta Vigo striker was shown a straight red card for the incident.
Orellana remonstrated angrily with the match officials before throwing the grass in the direction of the Barcelona striker.
Barcelona earned a crucial three points following Real Madrid's 9-1 victory against Granada earlier on Sunday.
Viktoria Charkley witnessed the sad scene for the first time on Saturday.
Her father Barles, from Baltimore, Maryland, posted the video on Facebook.
It stars his toddler daughter as she comes to terms with the tragedy of Mufasa's death.
The scene is generally considered to be one of Disney's most haunting.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
This roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone.
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before.
Before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale.
It's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison in 1972 as a 23-year-old inmate.
He was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10, 1972.
Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive.
Bruce Jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine.
The 65-year-old said he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
On Friday night, he publicly addressed his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight with Diane Sawyer.
Monaco host Juventus in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side were beaten 1-0 in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can overturn the deficit.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services.
But a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor.
They say affluent parents are more likely to cheat system by going to church.
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
Mr Farage said yesterday he opposed EU action to tackle migrant deaths in the Mediterranean.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
After getting her number from a cellmate, he asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
Incredibly, he even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle, boasting on Facebook the gang were his'soldiers'
Deputy Prime Minister said there was a'very real danger' that Ukip and Northern Ireland's DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament.
Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
In the strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that
The 56-year-old singer, who describes herself as a 'closet comedian', performed her first stand-up routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
She told jokes about dating a man and her collection of Andy Warhol paintings.
Chelsea sit top of the Premier League table ahead of Stoke City clash.
Cesar Azpilicueta believes the Blues have shown their strength since 'day one'
Jose Mourinho's side have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener back on August 18.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday.
Dr Brandt, 65, was reportedly 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
He was known for working with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
Within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Photography student asked unemployed Mark Ray, 56, to turn it down.
But was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated, a year later, in violent threats and stalking.
Double Falsehood was presented by Lewis Theobald in the 18th century.
Theobald claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the playwright as the true author.
Sinbad the kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten, who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes.
Sinbad has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months and will be re-homed.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
His parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, were both deaf, so they were worried he may be born deaf.
But last month, Elijah was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother for the first time.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verbally abusing her as well as photographic evidence of possible domestic abuse.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel but played every round of the League Cup – before being left out of the final against Manchester United by manager Martin O'Neill.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide.
But tomorrow, planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres)
The new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, kept the board.
Manchester United have made an official approach for PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay.
Louis van Gaal is keen to make the 21-year-old one of his first signings.
Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for the Dutch giants this season.
Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Saturday.
Stuart McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against Livingston.
Rangers travel to Livingston in the Scottish Championship on Wednesday.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at London's Grosvenor Hotel.
The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals for Chelsea this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and signed a five-and-a-half-year deal in February.
Chelsea are on the brink of winning the Premier League for the first time since 2010.
Zane Gbangbola died at home in Chertsey, Surrey, in the middle of the night.
For months after his death, police and other agencies ruled out fears that fumes had come from a nearby landfill site.
But new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.
Leaked official records reveal for the first time:.
The Mail on Sunday has led the way in covering the tragic case – but has been stonewalled at every turn.
Mike Brown has been ruled out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale.
The 29-year-old has been suffering from headaches since returning to Harlequins.
Brown was knocked out in the Six Nations match against Italy in February.
He missed the next game against Ireland but played against Scotland and in the championship decider against France after admitting he 'didn't feel quite right'
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.
Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
Another group designed Nipper - the world’s smallest mobile phone charger.
Whichever tweet has the most retweets will go into a Kickstarter fundraising campaign and ultimately into development.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Pietersen's impressive return to long-form cricket was timely, on the eve of the first Test against the West Indies which began 4,000 miles away in Antigua on Monday.
Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South.
It was an especially flat display after recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form.
Sean Dyche has been linked with a move to Derby County.
The Clarets boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
Dyche has retained the support of the Burnley fans throughout the season.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's Champions League progress shows you don't need to splash the cash to achieve European success.
The French club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
Bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' last year.
More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology, and for the initiative to be scrapped.
A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement - but that hasn't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message of the original slogan.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England.
Bell has won five trophies with the club, including the County Championship in 2004 and 2012.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
Cisse is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
She is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership.
Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair and squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels.
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum.
He was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer.
But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, he had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Mr Curry has spoken of his shock at how successful the operation has been.
Ranette Afonso, 42, is set to marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
The pair met thanks to a car accident in August 2013.
They moved in together and exchanged insurance and contact details.
After the accident, Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A man was chased by a neighbourhood dog and a third person started shooting.
Stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second man in the buttocks.
Danel underwent emergency surgery to save his life.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
Mourinho could offer Filipe Luis in a part-exchange deal this summer.
The Spaniard signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side last year.
Koke's release clause is around £50million which Chelsea could be willing to shell out.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times.
The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race.
She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
Alex Vella, 61, has been banned from returning to Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in Malta.
Vella has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother, all of whom are Australian citizens.
Police identify the Rebels as 'one of Australia's highest risk criminal threats'
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders stole £17,000 from City firm where she worked.
32-year-old used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon.
She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the Seychelles.
But she was spared jail even though she had been convicted of fraud twice.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
Phillips was released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay.
Swells were as high as 3ft, and they were stranded for one to two hours.
They were rescued by the Coast Guard, but fellow kayaker William D. Kelley, 50, remains hospitalized in serious condition.
Walkley, Austin and Kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on Saturday for an excursion along Washington's Dungeness Spit.
Forecasts had predicted there would be stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip a week ago.
Tim Bresnan is keen to make a case for an England Test recall.
The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14.
Yorkshire won the LV= County Championship last season.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders.
The man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
Eventually, he was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie.
But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
A handful of City fans were ejected for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
The group were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
Police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash.
Terry Martin shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the winnings.
But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead.
Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
Whittington's relationship with the toddler has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and said that he's seen them in the store together before.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted.
Revered Al Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church.
He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Sharpton denied Scott's family barred him from attending his funeral on Saturday.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, Hanline is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him.
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.
Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch.
With a hop over advertising hoardings, Duplan saw the funny side and attempted to explain the mix-up to his team-mates on the bench.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of the season.
The Welshman has scored 17 goals for the La Liga giants.
Bale is out of Real's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for David de Gea.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
The club are pressing on with their task of expanding the main stand as pictures from Monday showed.
Work will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
The month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg.
From the same litter, the two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
The two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow.
Lord Janner sent a ‘thank you’ Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse.
Note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees.
Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
Gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
In separate raid, the men stole store manager's Mercedes E200.
The gang have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
Thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation, where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas, blue, for example.
Many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol, caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system.
But the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, has erupted for the first time in more than five decades.
It was not under any special observation before it suddenly sprung into life at around 6pm local time.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption, while several smaller townships were also cleared.
The volcano last erupted in 1972, and while it is widely believed to be among Chile's most dangerous, it was not monitored before it erupted today.
Volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth's crust
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce at the City Ground in February.
Forest's ownership have made moves to secure Freedman on a contract.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed the policies of all the main parties.
It said none of the major parties had given 'full details' on how they will tackle debt.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts.
Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars.
The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Pupil aptitude has declined since Finland embraced fashionable teaching methods.
Finnish education only did so well before because of the influence of traditional teacher-led methods, according to research by Right-leaning Centre for Policy Studies.
But it has slipped down international rankings tables as liberal techniques became more widespread.
Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores'
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene.
Manchester City defender Jason Denayer is on loan at Celtic.
Celtic want to extend Denayer's loan deal next season.
But Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets.
Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 victory.
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes against Stoke with thigh strain.
Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season for West Ham.
Enner Valencia is also doubtful to face Manchester City at the weekend.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 is a new coffee table book by Berlin-based Callisto Publishers.
It revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Southampton are seventh in the Premier League table, one point behind Tottenham Hotspur in sixth and Liverpool in fifth.
Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make Europe.
Southampton host Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula.
The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs.
Despite being no more than two months old, Ms Fritz struggled to reciprocate the hug.
Tori Hester, 25, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when school of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing cheque as payment for new property.
The 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an 'administrative error'
He has not been seen in the ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in 2012.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers is looking for his eighth FA Cup victory.
Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League semi-final on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 at home to the Portuguese side last week.
Bayern are 12 points clear of Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga.
Guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern this season.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
When Aaron got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction.
He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight.
Patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery.
Others said smokers might be denied some treatments, most commonly IVF.
Sherrell Dillion starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following mice infestation.
The single mother-of-two is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth.
But she has won a place in the final of Top Model Of Colour UK.
Fifi M. Maacaron's book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne, oil and dryness.
The 36-year-old pharmacist from Newport News, Virginia, created her book to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products.
Her Winter Rescue Mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
Duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its coat.
Lamb’s owner said it is a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
His surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an England recall.
Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013.
The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday.
Sam Reese recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show.
The 22-year-old's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him.
His action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I’m dead,' he said.
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015.
Last year, Holden shared the title of most recalls with Jeep after issuing 14 notices to recall around nine vehicles.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five.
But in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
NHS faces shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Others are moving overseas in search of better conditions.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
The last male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
Last year in South Africa 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed.
That’s one every eight hours.
Samantha Cameron visited Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent.
The Prime Minister's wife visited the special school for three to 19-year-olds.
She was joined by Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to the school.
Mr Cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to killing them for being'mouthy'
She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness.
Paul Gascoigne scored one of the greatest free-kicks at Wembley 24 years ago.
The Tottenham midfielder hit the shot five minutes into a FA Cup semi-final.
Gazza's goal set Spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory, and they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Police in North Las Vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
Acting CEO Maura Pally defended foundation's work and pledged to transparency.
Said donations received from businessman could not be disclosed under Canadian law.
Also defended work with Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, which received $2m in donations from Canadian chairman.
Pally also defended Clinton Foundation's work with Uranium One, Ian Telfer.
Telfer's donations came at same time as State Department approved sale of company.
Comes as watchdog said charity seemed like'slush fund' for Clintons.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season.
Former QPR boss says Pochettine has been rescued by the kids.
Redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash, became stuck in the wall.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
The decision comes after prostitutes were disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Yale University researchers have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him', while Florida residents can be heard using the phrase, 'I ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em'
The 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there – in European football.
A New Jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife 'abused her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to Pink's December 2013 concert.
The mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate.
But state Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock `n' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges as referees for warring divorced parents
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on April 3.
Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as Emoney Bon.
But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, Edward Primo Bonilla.
On the messaging service, he had sent Pegram's account a message apologizing for leaving her but making sure she had got home OK, WCSC
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century'
Ali was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the US military to fight in Vietnam.
Frank Sinatra persuaded Life magazine to give him a camera and send him as their ringside photographer.
Migrant tragedy took this year's death toll on the waters to 1,800.
Three other people - including a tiny child - died when a boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
The relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of Libya has continued since the tragic wreck this weekend.
An emergency meeting of EU leaders in Brussels today will announce that only 5,000 refugees will be granted safe haven in Europe and the rest will be sent back.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama.
A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
The England bowler is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
Ben Stokes was England's first man to be dismissed when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The three-man panel is finally set to meet on Thursday, with Evans expecting news of his side's fate in the next 24 hours.
Baby elephant walks alongside its herd at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire.
It stops to dawdle and picks something up from the grass before setting off again.
Keepers assist six elephants along a path - five of which walk in single file.
The young mammal's back gets in the way and causes the link to break.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper.
Fragoso said she initially thought the whole thing was a joke, but figured out it was no laughing matter.
The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Kim Rose, 57, is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen.
He is being investigated by officers after laying out snacks at event.
Election rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as 'treating'
Mr Rose branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Hundreds of squatters have made their home in a litter-strewn shanty town.
The group are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011.
They claim to live off the land, using solar panels for electricity, a freshwater spring to wash and a vegetable patch to grow food, as well as raiding supermarket rubbish bins.
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned visitors from sleeping in beds and sofas.
Staff say the problem is difficult to manage, because so many Chinese shoppers do it.
Customers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks on display furniture.
NBC News anchor Brian Williams embellished at least 11 different reports, an internal investigation has reportedly found.
The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
But Camilla’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont.
Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following recent poor results.
Harlequins full back Ugo Monye is retiring at the end of the season.
Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on a flight from Glasgow to Alicante.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain.
All passengers on the Jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway while officers dealt with the situation.
Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased.
United Airlines has 30 inches of space, Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches, Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
'Spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on the value of your house,' she said.
Changing the door handles is her first tip.
Getting rid of marks on doors and frames and even changing door-knobs are encouraged by real estate assessors.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22 since Monday.
The mountain lion has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in Los Feliz.
He has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out.
Animal welfare officers have even resorted to using beanbags to move him.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana.
It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The former Manchester United and England defender played 19 times for United.
He made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship due to Tottenham playing a friendly in Malaysia next month.
Tottenham announced on Tuesday morning they will visit Kuala Lumpur next month to take on a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup.
The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27 - before Tottenham take on Sydney FC the following Saturday.
Kane scored just 79 seconds into his England debut during last month's 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'a tragic accident'
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
The research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health.
But medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes who died after contracting the disease.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family's Sydney home on the market.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
As to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar’s home boasts beautiful high ceilings.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV.
Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’
But official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas.
Mr Farage said on Thursday night’s televised debate: ‘There are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are HIV positive'
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare bone cancer - in April 2009.
She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev.
Jonjo Shelvey scored a penalty to level the scores at the Liberty Stadium.
Tim Howard insists the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat fostered Kibulu as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the NSW Zoo where he was born.
Nine months later, the nine-month-old African lion still shares Donna Wilson's bed most nights.
Kibulu is one of 23 lions in Donna’s care at Zambi Wildlife retreat, a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals.
The retreat is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
Bolton fighter has been linked with fights with Kell Brook and Adrien Broner.
Algieri lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November.
Khan has previously refused a fight with Brook, but now promises it will take place within 12 months.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
Thousands have been gathering the graves at Beach Cemetery at Gallipoli to mark the campaigns's centenary.
The mighty ruined fortress of Seddülbahir, brought to its knees by Allied naval firepower in 1915, overlooks the cemetery.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train.
His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police.
Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her.
The middle school student also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
Hannah Campbell, 30, was blinded in one eye, left hand split in two.
Her left leg was shattered and she had to have leg amputated after blast.
Doctors told her she would never conceive again, but gave birth to Lexi-River.
But when she was ten days old, she suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital.
Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforated.
She underwent a £52,500 makeover including prosthetic leg, make-up and Botox.
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent, but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
Industrial processes, which rely on the combustion of fossil fuels, are responsible for a significant proportion of Australia’s carbon dioxide emissions.
This implies that as well as investigating the production of biofuels, carbon dioxide could be stashed in fizzy drinks.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games.
The 45-year-old Bulgarian now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother worked at the same call-center operation company she works at.
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month.
Mitchell-Clark reached out through social media to speak with Francine Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
She also found out that she has three biological younger sisters she didn't know about.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of €1.1billion.
It was supposed to serve both Madrid and the Andaluscian coast.
But it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties.
The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off.
ISIS released the disturbing images on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of Aleppo.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot at point blank range.
Terror group has previously released sickening images and videos of the terror organisation murdering anybody who dares to oppose them.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup.
But he was substituted at half time by Louis van Gaal.
The £28million defender has struggled to hold down a regular place at left back.
He was withdrawn from the England squad for games against Lithuania and Italy because of question marks over his fitness.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Monaco striker.
The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and PSG's Edinson Cavani.
Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants.
12 men 'professing the Christian faith' thrown to their deaths, Italian police say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
They are from Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, was tackled by stewards.
Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had done it for 'laugh'
Australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent tax.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations.
Florent Malouda has named his #one2eleven Fantasy Football XI.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech started in between the sticks.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent’s Park at 8.30am yesterday.
As he went for a cycle ride, Mrs Goldsmith took her dog for a stroll.
A cyclist, listening to music on headphones, ran straight over Cheech.
Mr Goldsmith, 49, has vowed to make it his 'personal mission' to find the man.
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks hit with record £21million fine for cover-up.
Rogue staff misled Financial Ombudsman over payment protection insurance complaints.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI.
Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
The agreement between Iran and the West aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
He said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano.
The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window.
Manuel Pellegrini's side face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford.
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open.
The decision from U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise
An Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania shows the driver being forced to retreat.
Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
Chelsea host Manchester United on Saturday in the league.
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriages set people up for failure.
Couples sign a renewable marriage contract known as a 'wedlease'
She says it is better for couples to stay together for two, three, four or more years.
The new book The New I Do explores alternatives to the traditional nuptials.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Australian parents spend an average of 140 hours per year getting children breakfast.
Sophie Falkiner, 41, says nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids, with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week.
Study shows underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as Alzheimer's than those of a healthy weight.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those.
Previous studies have suggested that being fat – with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February.
Rory McIlroy bids to become only sixth man in history to claim career Grand Slam.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Justin Rose, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson are also gunning for glory.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Comedian and travel writer Dom Joly joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in Brazil.
The 47-year-old was invited to join other celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg.
As the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels.
Earlier, Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain's Olympic medallist, Tom Daley.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto.
Appearing alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
Dina reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar.
MI5 is giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas highlighted by the Germanwings disaster.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, who was being treated for depression, was able to override a security system installed on flights following the 9/11 attacks as he flew the aircraft into the ground.
Mary Schuyler, 120, ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
Schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her didn't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners.
Competitors also had to eat three baked potatoes, three shrimp cocktails, three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food.
Philadelphia-based artist Alison Nastasi has curated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Wales climb 15 places to become world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0.
Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rise to its highest-ever spot at No 3, followed by Argentina.
Costa Rica fall two spots to No 15 but still lead CONCACAF nations.
Anguilla are now the lowest-ranked international side at No 209.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday.
Her burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW.
The 26-year-old was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed.
A Jakarta court is due to decide on Monday whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid.
Sukumaran and Chan are currently awaiting execution on the death island of N
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea.
Hazard's low shot squirmed past De Gea as United goalkeeper Chris Smalling and Paddy McNair watched on helplessly.
Jose Mourinho's side will be crowned champions with a third title in five attempts at the trophy.
John Allan said Cameron's decision to promise in-out referendum means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested large firms like Tesco could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly' if Britain exits the EU.
Tory election manifesto includes promise of in out referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership.
Mr Allan also warned the political parties to be careful in their approach in dealing with the issue of immigration.
Carla Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final.
Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on Thursday.
It's the eighth time that the 12th seed has reached a WTA final.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Public and Commercial Services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free, such as leading paid-for tours, carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages to overseas visitors.
Now, staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ‘years of pay restraint’
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.
Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
The region can be compared with our solar system's Kuiper Belt, a realm of icy mini-worlds and comets beyond Neptune.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
The substitute public school teacher said she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience.
She lost 16lb in a month to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers but was still denied an audition.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction.
But many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition.
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home.
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN.
It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed.
Security in Washington DC has been the focus of much attention in recent months.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle United on Sunday.
The 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
'hospital waiting-room-style' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families.
The behaviour of some youngsters is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them.
Some 82% of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months, up from 52% in the union’s survey last year.
A cross-dressing man robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria.
The armed robbery was carried out in not very ladylike fashion.
Detectives have released an image of a man they believe is responsible.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
They found that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent.
Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming.
This enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival and sparked a ‘major economic revolution’
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered deadly toxin off 'dark web'
He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack.
Teen pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
He claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal, a site designated as especially polluted by the EPA.
Swain quit less than halfway through the swim but vowed to swim the whole canal one day.
The activist said the water tasted 'like mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent and gasoline'
The canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Benaud took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice.
His commentary rules should be required reading for anyone entering the commentary box today.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean, such as sharks and sting rays.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles away.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role.
Researchers at the University of North Carolina tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger, who invented EEG.
Amanda Holden, 44, married record producer Chris Hughes in 2008.
The mother-of-two has two daughters, aged nine and three.
Holden has struggled with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
The TV star has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her appearance.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour.
Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben helped in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe.
Michelle Madden, 30, said that Ruben was so mature it was 'unbelievable'
Lisa Williams, 49, hit David Coleman, 54, with a claw hammer in Chingford.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Ukip's deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in if Farage quits.
Mr Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication.
The Ukip leader has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in Thanet South where he is standing to become an MP.
Miss Evans is seen as the party's rising star and has been tipped as Mr Farage's successor.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope.
Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos.
The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says the couple were brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox.
Over the decade that the statue has been in place, people have been touching the hand of Yu The Great, the fox's back, and wife's chest.
While the rest of the bronze sculpture is black, the colour of the coating applied to protect the metal has worn away.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday.
After two years of intense training, he shed the excess weight.
Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest.
He landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch, where he was scouted by Models 1.
The pair have now starred on New York's version of Made In Chelsea.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-1.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles in the 48th minute.
Bolasie added a second in the 62nd minute to give Palace an unassailable lead.
Palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under Alan Pardew.
Martin Odegaard was named on the bench as Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0.
The 16-year-old is already a full international for Norway.
Odegaard will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player if he comes on.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action after being told he needs shoulder surgery.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
The 25-year-old was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in 1989.
He was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage.
Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection.
Secretary of State for Health admitted liability, accepting the failure to give the man vitamin K breached duty of care.
At London's High Court today, Judge Michael Yelton approved the £7.3 million settlement.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after leaving a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
One of the notes read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
Another said: 'U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [sic]'
Chapin has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move.
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 (by air and sea) nationals during a gruelling operation in the war-hit Yemen.
The Union minister later clarified that his comment was directed at the media’s twists to the whole episode and that he was misinterpreted.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
The air temperature surrounding the volcano was around -25C (-13F) and the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000C (1832F)
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.
On Friday morning, volunteers came to the shelter to say good-bye to Chester, a longtime favorite among those who'd come regularly to walk him.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing from Glasgow nightclub on Sunday.
She was last seen leaving the Sanctuary club in the early hours of the morning.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police say they have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help in search.
Victor Agbafe is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
The 17-year-old also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe, who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics, called his acceptance achievement an 'amazing opportunity'
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
With no access to her contacts, photos and messages, Happy Cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year.
The policy bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance.
Culpepper and the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund sued the agency, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague.
Under the settlement, the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender.
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Daley Blind hailed Wayne Rooney's pre-match team talk.
Blind said United need to focus on the end of the season.
United face Chelsea in the Champions League on Saturday.
Actor Aidan Turner stripped off to mow a hay field with a scythe.
Scything expert Chris Riley says his physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry also set to take part alongside youngsters.
Wilshere broke his foot against Manchester United in November.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday.
They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
It came after details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
Iona's husband George, the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond.
Some people have questioned the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1.
David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City.
New York's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls.
Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in San Jose's win over Vancouver.
New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled lead over Labour.
52% now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
Poll comes on the day Miliband used Labour's manifesto launch to insist he is'ready' to be Prime Minister.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispin's Day speech from the film of Henry V.
The BBC even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown, something that used to be a regular feature of TV outside broadcasts.
In such instances, the BBC is lucky to retain the services of Gary Lineker, the best presenter of live football on TV.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible'
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before TV showdown.
Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was'relishing' debate.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the roadway.
Four patients were being treated at Community Regional Medical Center's burn and trauma unit, spokeswoman Mary Lisa Russell said.
Three of them are in critical condition and one is in serious condition.
Ronda Rousey appeared at the Los Angeles premiere of Fast & Furious 7.
The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event.
Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
She posted an image saying: 'My little pumpkin grew up'
Sgt. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home after fighting to adopt her for two years.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with McDonald when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed.
Barrientos was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first.
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes.
The funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration.
Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $383,414.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself decorating Easter baskets.
Myleene Klass and Amanda Holden also took advantage of April weather.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy.
Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym that he owned, is now closed.
Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it.
The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from manhole.
Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident.
Anthony Bethell and St John's College, Oxford embroiled in row over hedgerow.
The hedge divides Mr Bethell's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland.
Mr Bethell claims college has refused to agree with him on the matter.
He says he has been forced to take college to court over 'eyesore' hedge.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own motor.
Three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models  to selfies uploaded.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Tottenham host Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have endured a frustrating start to the season.
Some fans plan to boycott the game in protest against owner Mike Ashley.
Pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to Newcastle.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail.
Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS for his performance for B-team Castilla.
Odegaard was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane.
The 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano.
The BT Sport Industry Awards were held in Battersea on Thursday.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing on Saturday.
The awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport.
Liz Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Two of her closest friends were former Texas Governor Ann Richard and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Walter's owner said he is a 'gentle soul' and was handed to her so he could live out his final years in retirement with other bats in a similar circumstance.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is expecting quadruplets.
She went in search of sperm and egg donors when youngest told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
The schoolteacher is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 12 stone after getting married.
Mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas.
She hid food in medicine cabinet so her family didn't know what she was doing.
Doctors agreed she could be a candidate for weight loss surgery but first they said that she had to shed some pounds.
Julia now weighs 11 stone and loves healthy food.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday.
The German won the Stuttgart Grand Prix for her second title of the season.
Kerber beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Wakefield Wildcats lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves in the First Utility Super League.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next Saturday.
Broadcasters are demanding hefty fees to watch the fight for free.
Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month.
Joshua Burns and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home.
Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and ret
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area.
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry clashed with Cairo's Al-Ahly after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
The court will make a final decision on their fates on May 30.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams go head-to-head in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14.
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Brown also netted for the Blues in the final.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom.
The Bolton-born boxer was joined by his wife and daughter.
Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri on May 30.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of banks' profits between 2011 and 2014.
Banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers for payment protection insurance scandal.
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Argentine forward has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
The 21-year-old scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger has denied interest, but Dybala seems set on a move.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night.
The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona.
Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez.
He is the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul.
An elderly man was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf on Monday.
The 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer's own fault.
John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital, swearing he will return to the green again.
On Monday afternoon, the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.
She has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage.
The mother-of-one estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Manchester United's pre-season plans have been organised to Van Gaal's liking.
United will play Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
Van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do in America.
Collagen is a protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete.
Collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Victoria.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
David Cameron and William Hague will launch English document tomorrow.
It follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos.
Centpiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws'
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
The 31-year-old, from Suffolk, never revealed her past until her partner Rob asked her if she had been abused ahead of their wedding in 2013.
Rob, 34, helped put Derek behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Kim, who married Rob in 2013, said: 'I'd waited my whole life to hear that question'
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
The woman known only as Goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil.
She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by Goska.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country.
The 34-year-old keeps the game simple but has been ignored.
Carrick has had to deal with ‘Keane Syndrome’ because he’s not Roy Keane.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Tottenham are determined to keep the France No 1 at White Hart Lane.
United are considering a move for the keeper as fears grow over a David de Gea's future.
The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is £32.6million Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.
Ancient European populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought, according to new research.
The first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour.
It was not until 7,800 years ago that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
One of these genes became prevalent in the European population and European's skin colour began to lighten.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Despite this however, the video itself has been met with some concern from viewers.
PETA's UK director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that ill-informed people are often inspired
Jack Wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support.
Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading.
The 23-year-old hasn't featured for the Gunners since November.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on YouTube.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
According to the CDC, most people recover within three days.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th.
Jurgen Klopp insists their league position after the Klassiker is not his biggest concern.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan.
British national arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front, according to reports.
Members of banned leftist group took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week.
Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
The DHKP-C is listed as a terrorist organisation by the US, EU and Turkey.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
He said Britain's privileged judges must be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days.
His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp, including innocent children being slaughtered in front of their anguished parents
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues' books, along with two of his brothers.
The 17-year-old is earmarked first team potential at Chelsea.
Chelsea have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho's insistence on promoting young players at the club.
John Terry is the last player to come through the youth ranks and become a first-team regular.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday.
He set up Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at Aston Villa.
De Jong admits he is still short of match fitness but is in contention for a seat on the bench at St James' Park on Saturday if head coach John Carver requires him.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home.
She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband.
Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department's Facebook page after the video went viral.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
According to Australia Zoo, echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
Ashley said yes during a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings.
'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' Ashley responded.
Bettie Jo, from Houston, Texas, was housebound and unable to care for herself.
At 47 stone (660lb) she was dependent on husband Josh to tend to her needs.
Josh now admits he did not help Bettie Jo's weight loss.
Shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own.
Alexander Kutner was on holiday at Ulusaba, Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve in South Africa's Sabi Sands.
Just the day before, he had tracked the crash of rhino on foot.
The following day we found ourselves slap bang in the middle of a herd of buffalo, mean-looking guys who glare at you as if you owe them money.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Lawyers have always advised people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls.
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday, while talking to his wife in India.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at Athletic Bilbao.
The Manchester United midfielder says he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer.
Herrera joined the Red Devils for £29million following a relatively successful three-year period at the club where he reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power says a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November.
The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2,000%.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Paul Smith has landed a shot at Andre Ward.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Survey of 15,560 GPs by their union found 63 per cent opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week.
Some 94 per cent were against their own practice opening every day.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again.
Messi posted a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son.
The Barcelona star has his handprints tattooed on his calf.
Manchester City have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
UEFA imposed financial fairplay regulations on City in May.
Manuel Pellegrini is hoping the restrictions will be lifted at the end of the season.
Manchester United, Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City.
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
Much of it based on conversations with the 36-year-old boxer.
Pacquiao is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself in the Xiangtan District, south China.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since returning from England duty.
Pochettino hopes to see a big improvement against Newcastle.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
Hearts host Rangers at Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship.
Stuart McCall's side have lost three of their last nine league games.
The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August.
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The actor grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports F1.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.
He is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others in Phoenix.
Another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and then two more at separate apartment complexes, about two miles away.
Police swarmed the city in a massive response, with officers using sniffer dogs and searching cars to find the gunman.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Shay Given will keep his place in the team for the final against Arsenal.
Brad Guzan is under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies.
The annual memorial day commemorates the six million Jews killed by the Nazis during World War Two.
About 189,000 survivors live in Israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially, despite government assistance.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
German government warned of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables.
But the government failed to pass on the warning, it has been claimed.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association.
Vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Under Premier League rules, there is nothing stopping Vieira taking charge now as they allow coaches without full qualifications to take charge for 12 weeks.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
22-year-old says he was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men.
Says he was targeted because he had 'checked in' on Facebook minutes earlier.
Barton has spent £20,000 on treatment for his teeth and £5,000 for Botox.
Two nose jobs have cost £10,400, although one was free on the NHS.
Dove asked women to rate themselves as either 'average' or 'beautiful'
83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average looking.
Just four per cent said they consider themselves beautiful.
The survey results were revealed in Dove's #ChooseBeautiful campaign.
Campaign aims to 'encourage women worldwide to reconsider the choices they make about their beauty'
Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver.
It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Locals say the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter.
Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls National Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where the Obamas had gone.
Reporters initially seemed to fear that the trip was some sort of emergency, but officials apparently tipped them off to the president's destination as photos from the outing were soon filed.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain Sumo Salad.
The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies.
This comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were sentenced to death in 1975.
They were convicted after a 12-year-old said he saw how businessman Harry Franks was murdered.
Bridgeman served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder.
Last year, the trio were exonerated after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime.
Ricky Jackson, 58, was awarded more than $1million in compensation in March.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch.
When she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania, scoring after only 79 seconds, and started last night's friendly against Italy in Turin.
Townsend scored England's equaliser and poked fun at Paul Merson.
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam's prophet Muhammad.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in April 1865.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi.
As the manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street.
Stuart Lancaster and his staff are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
On April 22 she will officially become Davion's mother.
He has been spending weekends with Connie and her daughters, Sydney, 21, Carley, 17, and her adopted son Taylor, 14.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
A clutch of sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham.
They were packed with poison and hidden among the grass on the trail.
Dog owners are now being warned by Sussex Police to be aware.
Audrey Pekin says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
The 19-year-old claims she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu.
Alafu lured her to his remote home and raped her on two separate occasions.
She was forced to lie on the floor of her hotel room after the alleged attack.
Ms Pekins had a 'virginity test' at Sanglah Hospital, which she said was similar to a 'third assault'
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp.
Arenson revealed that the Google engineer wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, thought she was getting her period.
But when she made a dash for the bathroom, she found she was in labour.
She gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes'
Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy and had no cravings.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, were left with broken vertebrae.
Pair had done almost 500 base-jumps between them when they were injured.
Mr Carey had to have a thumbnail-sized piece of bone removed from his spinal cord and Mr Rawe had some of his vertebraes fused with titanium.
After months of rehabilitation Mr Carey started to improve and became determined to get walking again.
Manny Pacquiao met NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and NBA star Jeremy Lin.
The Filipino took to social media to show off his ripped physique.
Floyd Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
A suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
Attackers detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring 125.
The group, which included military personnel as well as civilians, were waiting to receive their monthly salaries.
Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Ernest Goult will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture.
The 72-year-old is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game.
Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious.
She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head.
The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as EMTs treated the fan - placing her in a head brace.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche.
Also tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and family.
Graham was last year jailed for life for killing Ms Brown for her money.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which they said totalled £816,127.86p.
But Newcastle Crown Court heard he now has no available assets and so must pay back just £1.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates to gay rights groups and strangers.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed Claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech MRI scanner.
They found 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days.
In older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent regenerated, better than those both young and old.
Pregnancy protected rodents from tissue damage around the heart, which is also an irreversible part of the human ageing process.
Karen Wakefield took daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey.
The mother-of-two said her daughter was bullied at Manchester Communication Academy.
Mrs Wakefield and her partner Paul Dawson could face three months in jail.
Six-part BBC documentary aimed to show what life was like in Harpurhey, Manchester.
George Clooney's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday.
She was accompanied by Laila Ali, the wife of the jailed politician, and Jared Genser, the founder of the organization Freedom Now.
Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
The case against the president, who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup, stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour three weeks ago.
He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain.
The Casino teenager is just under $4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life.
His family searched for a specialist who would perform the risky operation.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
De Bruyne joined Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
The Belgian midfielder has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida.
He has been expelled from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental assessment.
His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, a born-again Christian who was slammed for blaming unemployment on the state's Hispanic population during his 2007 election campaign, did not respond to DailyMail.com's request for comment.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla at the Parc des Princes on Saturday.
Neymar was clearly furious at being substituted by Xavi.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's petulant reaction.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT of £28,000 over two years.
He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin made bogus claims.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
He said Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
The video was filmed at her cousin Albert's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
Among his self-administered tattoos are the word 'brotherhood' on his neck and the number '88'  on his left cheek which is linked to neo-Nazis.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
Lee Lewis Ferguson was flung from Merrion Square at Wincanton.
The 18-year-old had just a cut on his nose to show for the fall.
Ferguson's spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times.
Eddie Howe has called on Bournemouth fans to inspire his side.
The Cherries face Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday's home game.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages.
Anti-discrimination body Kick It Out has formed an expert group to tackle football-related hate crime across social media.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting.
The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history.
Curry made a staggering 77 shots in the row during a Golden State' drill.
However, the MVP candidate was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
In total, the Ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session.
The girl, who attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California, has been kept home by her mother since the threats began at the start of this week.
Deputies from the Los Angeles County sheriff's department are helping to guard the girl.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
Picture of her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign was posted online.
The poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match is the opposite of transgender.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
Emergency services found him and a 25-year-old friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from an alleged random attack.
Gibbins was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
The friend remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
Family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
'Hot-or-not' videos by girls who look no older than nine can be found on Facebook pages.
Study after study has found that the grades of such children go down.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin said the kid is growing quickly and healthily.
Chris Ball made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family.
The 21-year-old told them there was nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life.
His family have shared the video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
It is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
They are believed to be part of what scientists call the 'Birnirk' culture.
This is a group of people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait and used skin boats and harpoons to hunt whales.
Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season.
The 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the Championship side.
Manchester City are determined to sign more young English players.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Jimmy Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's Test wicket-taking record on Friday night.
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room.
The only smidgeon of self doubt came when admitting he perhaps shouldn’t have taken on the West Indies so often with the hook.
Louise Smith, 38, secretly plucked a girl's hair and put it in her food.
She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub.
Smith denied fraud in February but failed to attend her trial this week.
Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan.
But two years on, the 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone.
She was almost unrecognizable by the time You proposed with a bouquet made of chocolate.
The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
The Money Man's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father.
Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading, writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five, according to the National Union of Teachers.
It is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming'
The motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) 'to reflect the needs of the children'
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after being cleared by the Court of Session.
The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’
King won around 85 per cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom last month.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman just hours before it was announced he had quit the BBC.
The resignation  marks another blow for the hugely-popular show, which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed last month following a 'fracas' with a producer.
It means Mr Wilman is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster - in what would be a nightmare scenario for
The PM was speaking in a rather peculiar building in Bristol.
The space was uncomfortably hot and Mr Cameron was looking straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun.
During his Bristol visit, he read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ policies.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat.
On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light.
This means that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Engineers believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.
It’s estimated that around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage.
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined.
Benaud's memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Doncaster Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Fleetwood Town.
The media team had to stick up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel.
They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact.
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for the hosts in the 29th minute.
Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
Ross Barkley missed a penalty after missing a chance to give his side the lead from the spot.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations, to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson.
He tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
'I was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families,' said Wilkins.
Video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25.
Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun.
Deputy Chief of Police Mike Carter played the video at a news conference on Tuesday.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
He assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital.
But the hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining Barcelona in the summer.
The 22-year-old has struggled to get ahead of fellow summer-singing Claudio Bravo in the pecking order under Luis Enrique.
But the German international insists he's ready to become Barcelona's first-choice keeper in the league.
In France, the number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 compared with 141 in 2013.
In January this year, four hostages were killed in a Paris kosher supermarket.
Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014, after 95 a year earlier.
Adele Adkins has topped the list of Britain's richest musicians under 30.
Mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
The four remaining members of One Direction and Zayn Malik are worth £25million each.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
One of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on the runway.
The three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood could not stay still for a moment on the touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point.
Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go to give Villa a 2-1 lead.
Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening in the Villa dugout.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop Andreas Lubitz.
Killer Lubitz, 27, had been plotting the disaster online under the name Skydevil.
Sondheimer spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into cockpit using axe.
All 144 passengers and five crew members died in the crash in March.
Eight Nauru guards have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Transfield Services said the employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
The guards – seven of whom are former Australian Defence personnel - 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as "the enemy"'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8.
The Portuguese forward has only taken six years to reach the milestone.
Ronaldo was presented with a '300' strip by club president Florentino Perez.
Real Madrid host Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday.
Investigators concluded that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel Go Set a Watchman.
Lee, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Silicani rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years.
The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair has been revealed as Amanda Bailey.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, said Ms Bailey had never notified them of her concerns.
Hannah Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, Indiana, on Friday morning after a night out.
Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death.
Circumstances of her disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the case of Lauren Spierer, 20, nearly four years ago.
Wilson's friends went to Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington but thought she was too drunk to join them there.
Her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, West Sussex.
Police have now released video stills and footage of her last movements.
The bright student's family said her death had left a 'deep hole' in their hearts.
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week.
The South African legend is withering in his contempt of those who say he is ‘bulking up’ too much in the gym.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
He went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting to a low-cost airline.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 2-1 win against QPR.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games.
The Belgium striker has been rejuvenated under new boss Tim Sherwood.
Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to Roy Keane.
Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients.
Liverpool have made clear their own approach to future contract negotiations with their players.
Daniel Sturridge is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey valued at £4.25million.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle.
Judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
Now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash.
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in the General Election.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
Former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies.
Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott deny any association with UKIP.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand Jacamo.
Professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37, is the face of the brand for four years.
Ad sees the 25-year-old model pout as he lounges by a rooftop swimming pool.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
The town and the Little League both deny that the goings-on of the town and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
The team at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases.
Professor Edgar Engleman, senior author of the study, said: 'Pretty much we could eliminate any cancer'
The process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, killed in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
Was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
Morgan Stanley said the prospect of a Labour government would create the ‘greatest uncertainty’ of any election result.
Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’
A second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7.
Blake, 27, welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January.
She has been promoting her upcoming movie roles and her new figure.
Says losing weight hasn't been a priority for her.
Southampton face Tottenham in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman's side have lost their last two games.
Pochettino left the Saints for Spurs last May.
Southampton fans are planning to wear orange to show their support.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened.
Older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest have gone up by nine times as much.
Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
Australia World Cup winner James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire.
Faulkner will replace Peter Siddle who will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad.
He was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand to win the World Cup last month.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Meanwhile, Mrs Meitaiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Pink croc Hermes Birkin bag has gone on sale for £140,000.
Made-to-measure tote is so exclusive it can't even be brought in store.
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the brand.
The event took place in Xi'an, the capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province.
It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history.
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer.
Dyche has impressed in the Premier League with Burnley this season.
Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for survival.
Elijah McCrae's parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son.
Elijah suffered from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
His parents were devastated when he was diagnosed.
They created the list in an effort to avoid wallowing in the sadness of the shocking situation.
The list included plans to take a road trip to Queensland to watch the sunrise, and visits to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old joined Fiorentina on a season-long loan in January.
Richards has had plenty of time to reflect on his career so far.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are all interested.
Vladimir Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He said he raised issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
Putin said he had warned the West about the possible dangers of supporting terrorists.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
The Arsenal star stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch.
Referee Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick.
England held on in the final moments to secure a place in this summer's finals in Israel.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy.
Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director.
Jonathan Trott returned to the international scene after 18 months out.
Alastair Cook believes Trott is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket.
The pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies.
Trott has scored 49 Tests, 3,763 runs and nine centuries.
Leo Schofield, 79, has slammed Tasmania as a state full of 'dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'
He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
He said he was 'absolutely obsessed, tremendously intrigued' by Tasmania, but continued to blast Tasmanian's for wanting to 'dig it up, chop it down, sell it to the Chinese'
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
Men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives.
However, quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation.
Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism.
More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Firefighters had to contend with a 400 yard wide wall of flames that moved at dangerous speeds.
Two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, are being held by police on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires.
The area is home to all six species of reptile native to the UK, including sand lizards, adders and grass snakes.
Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean, where the holiday industry is recovering.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
Sam will now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November.
Under NCAA guidelines college athletes cannot accept any forms of payment or gifts, which means the boys from Duke also head home with no prize money or Xboxes.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The boxer wrote and directed the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'
The 80s style music video includes a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out.
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
The Clarets remain two points from safety in the Premier League.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of his Wigan side.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets and Queen of Hearts themed bunk beds.
Alternatively try the snug Looking Glass Cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, said she sourced the materials online by getting inspiration from sites like Pinterest.
Ukip's education spokesman Paul Nuttall appeared in the party's manifesto.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Ukip deputy leader joked on Twitter: ‘I just have two copies of every book’
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries set to contribute to naval exercise.
Bobby Zamora scored his third goal of the season with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against the Baggies.
Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored.
Caroline Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt.
The pair watched the NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
Woznacki had been invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll and play tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours.
Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey, when the ceiling collapsed.
Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
MPs in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health.
It is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate.
Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls.
Police have arrested and charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west.
The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response.
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
KFC’s human resources boss, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company.
When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers, they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
The 46-year-old had nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain.
Her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote.
She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
Debbie recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals for Arsenal so far this season.
Arsene Wenger admits Liverpool could use his interest in Sanchez as leverage during negotiations over Luis Suarez's move to Barcelona.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze.
There are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
No acid particles were found in the plume of smoke heading downwind.
Louisville's zoo has been closed and animals are being kept indoors because of the smoke.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorks.
A man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle, causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck.
She was then rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries.
Her family has now released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman's injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia.
Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events, but believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave.
Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following defeat by Manchester United.
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for.
Her favorite nurse decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair.
The nurse is clearly shocked as she screams and hugs her tightly.
Both then burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Thursday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as those in Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday.
Olivier Giroud admitted he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his latest hairstyle.
Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season.
Arsenal remain 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat.
The fast-casual chain only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen.
Other retailers such as grocery store chain Kroger have begun taking up some of Chipotle's ethical standards.
Video shows girl sucking on to tube of tortilla flavoured chips.
She then removes it to reveal her new pout... made of crisps.
The video has been watched more than 3.7million times on Facebook in a day.
Company behind the snack said: 'We’re all about showing off your tasty pout'
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning in a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon was 'a little black puppet on a string'
Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past.
He has since defended the statement, saying he used the term black puppet 'because I'm dark and I come from Cloncurry'
JB Holmes won the Houston Open after two play-off holes.
Holmes started the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Gianni Paladini registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company.
Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
The Italian seems to have enjoyed more success in West Yorkshire where he has forged an official link to Bradford.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Toure earns more than £1m a month at the Etihad Stadium.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, lost 16st after gastric bypass surgery.
Father-of-three was struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes at 32st.
Had to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane after being attacked by rocket launcher.
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Edinson Cavani has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances this season.
PSG have been stripped by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Tryster beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from the Winter Derby winner.
Buick also rode Pretend to victory in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words.
The program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
In February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters.
Also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Holly Leonard found advert on Craigslist using a Nexus 5 phone she was given.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger reveals he only makes the final decision on the morning of the match.
New Zealand racing presenter Adian Rodley has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby.
‘Cmon Opie’ he screams hysterically as Mongolian Khan and New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson finish victorious.
The race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'
The winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source said.
Further delays to inquiry will fuel claims those criticised over war are trying to bury bad news.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
The Gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page, showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with large red chillies.
According to several commenters on the post, the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney.
It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
Andrea Yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility.
Russell 'Rusty' Yates, who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son, slammed his ex-wife's murder trial as the 'cruelest thing I have ever witnessed'
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and she was a good mother who loved her children.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday.
Trott was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6- 4 in the Miami Open final.
The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after beating John Isner.
Murray's former coach Dani Valverdu and trainer Jez Green switched camps.
Berdych's model fiancee Ester Satorova was back in the stands.
Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years.
They believe it was built by a small group of Russians sent to Oregon's Willamette Valley as farmers to feed the fur trappers in Alaska.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners, and more specifically Russians.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night.
Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win, picking himself up each time.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Detlef Guenzel killed Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz in 2013.
The 57-year-old then buried the body in the garden of his home in Dresden.
Guenzel, a trim, soft-spoken father of three, was sentenced to eight years and six months in prison.
Mahendra Bavishi, 69, said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
Mr Bavishi said: 'To many this robbery is like something out of a Hollywood fiction film, but to my family it is a tragedy'
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday.
McCoy won on board Don Cossack, who took apart a strong field.
The Irishman has booked Paul Carberry to ride Cause of Causes.
Five Afghan men were found crammed in a refrigerated lorry in Gloucestershire.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find the men on the A40 near Churcham.
It is believed the men boarded the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally.
Around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade.
Pacquiao was born into poverty in the Philippines and moved to the Philippines aged 14 to pursue his boxing career.
Pictures show him training at the LM Gym in Manila at the age of 17 after he won his first 10 professional bouts.
Mayweather was preparing to box at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, where he won a bronze medal.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London.
The race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure.
Mr Rahman has been accused in a separate High Court case of rigging his re-election victory.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have her fourth child.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos.
Her husband, Nigel, told an inquest into her death in January that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
Police arrived on scene and he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God, police said.
A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Real Madrid travel to Vicente Calderon for Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Atletico's Mario Mandzukic has recovered from an ankle problem and is set to play, with Fernando Torres likely to be on the bench.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by taking their children along to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday.
His parents have owned a five-bedroom vacation home in the area since 1999.
They said they were relieved his body had been found and had mourned him since the day he was reported missing.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court.
He was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money.
The married father-of-two splashed out almost £1million to complete the six-bedroomed eco house.
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38.
The young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol.
Husinsk bundled the girl into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her.
On Saturday more than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais to form a quarter of a mile long 'White March' to pay tribute to Chloe.
Kadeem Brown, 25, was thrown across a median in the Bronx, New York.
The driver slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.
His green taxi struck and killed five-year-old Tierre Clark, who was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab.
Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before the crash.
Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been charged with any crime.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the Fisher-Price set can exceed 15 per cent.
Some people are born with synaesthesia, while others experience it after a stroke, or while using psychedelic drugs such as LSD.
Inverness defender Gary Warren has called for a change to the 'ridiculous' rule.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic – meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on May 30.
The defender also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
None of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will start in the middle of midfield for the Reds.
The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving a three-match ban for seeing red against Man United last month.
Gerrard will end his Liverpool contract at the end of the season.
Authorities in Florida are searching for two men suspected of taking part in a gang rape of a 19-year-old unconscious girl in Panama City Beach last month.
A brief cellphone clip was released by the Bay County Sheriff's Office showing the moment a man allegedly sexually assaulted a woman.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone
Katrina Maddox, 23, had baby Edward on the way to hospital last Thursday.
Second little boy came along on the A47 in Norfolk two years later.
The surprised mother said: 'I can't believe it's happened twice!'
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Labour and SNP have ruled out formal coalition but refused to do same for looser arrangement.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the Ballon d'Or.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has sided with Arsene Wenger.
Mourinho believes the award should be scrapped.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals of the FA Cup on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for the Gunners.
Frank McLintock believes Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission.
Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history.
MMA would have to become legalized in New York for that bout to happen.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in London.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog.
He was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning blind eye' to drug dealing.
Today he admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at Isleworth Crown Court.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
The architect had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged.
Study uncovered link between belief in God and societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015.
This is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC.
Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade.
Volunteers will live, work and sleep on Silurian research ship for up to 12 days.
They will receive training and work with scientists to conduct visual surveys, acoustic monitoring using specialist equipment, and cet
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley in Smethwick, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows the horrific moment she was mugged.
Kurti was then filmed stamping on her face, leaving a shoe print.
He was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life.
His co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery.
Hundreds of 'Preppers', of all ages and levels of 'experience', descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday.
They were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20st 4lb.
She wore dress size 26 when she was on a family day out with her daughters.
Fairground worker told the mother-of-two: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'
Denise joined Weight Watchers and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The couple now have a gorgeous, wood-lined home in a lot they'd purchased in Nelson, New Zealand.
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
The couple decided to 'wed' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save them.
More than 300 people and 60 p
Sergio Canavero has no problem with anyone branding him Dr Frankenstein.
But he has no qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life.
Says he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Valery Spiridonov, 30, a sufferer of Werdnig-Hoffman disease, has volunteered to be a guinea pig, knowing the risks.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops in Grangetown suburb.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling'
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
The 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft (four metres)
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Experts are divided as to what they may have been, with suggestions ranging from hairstyles to turbans and diadems.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker at Stansted Airport.
The couple were too drunk to remember what they had done at the hotel.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
Ella Henderson has been announced as the face of dry shampoo brand Batiste.
The 19-year-old is the official face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign.
This will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the brand.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex.
Girl suffered single puncture wound to upper lip following incident on Thursday.
Sussex police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog.
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred.
Two children, 13 and nine years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel.
The police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Just weeks ago, McDonald's announced that it would be giving a $1 pay raise for about 90,000 employees, effectively making their wage $10 an hour.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph, a court heard today.
Prosecutors allege Walters deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
Stacey Eden stood up to a woman who was abusing a Muslim couple on a Sydney train on Wednesday.
The 23-year-old's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
Ms Eden said: 'Any act of kindness should be done from the heart, not with the expectation you will be rewarded'
New South Wales police are investigating the train incident.
Former AFL star Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
The 36-year-old was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
Cousins was due to appear in court on Wednesday morning but failed to show up.
His lawyer claimed Cousins had conflicting medical appointments.
On Thursday Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station.
Petition calling for Protein World advert to be pulled has 45,000 signatures.
The advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners, with some posters even being defaced.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th appearances this weekend.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in 2012.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, told MailOnline they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of Islamist gunmen.
He and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Only yesterday, Ethiopian officials revealed that 30 Christians filmed being beheaded and shot by Islamic State militants in Libya were likely to have been desperate migrants trying to reach Europe and even Britain.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years.
Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest.
It will allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption.
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Professor George Lewith says it is produced safely and at optimum dose.
Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines.
Jordan Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke.
Spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 to lead the Masters by five strokes.
The 21-year-old is now in the vanguard of an American revival.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
On Friday, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure this summer.
The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Marco Fassone fears City's asking price and Toure's wages could be too much.
Inter also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as International Cricket Council president.
The Bangladeshi politician resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India in Melbourne last month.
ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
But it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings.
Demolition work recently began on the building but preservationists are still working to save the French Renaissance-style building.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She said the offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party'
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
Clarkson said receiving cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life.
The 55-year-old presenter was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire that left his victim, Oisin Tymon, 36, in need of hospital treatment.
He also revealed that he expected to present another television show about cars in the future.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20.
James Ward-Prowse had put the home side in front, coming on at half-time to convert a penalty.
Sone Aluko held the ball up on the edge of the box and laid off Jake Livermore.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
She failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship.
Doherty led calls for Evans to be given another chance on the main tour.
But Hearn says the 29-year-old must go through qualifying school.
Archbishop of Canterbury called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance.
He said the dead were'martyrs' in the wake of the slaughter of Christian students.
Dr Welby said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
Within two weeks she had returned to the family's Atlanta, Georgia home.
In Choreographing My Past, a photo series, Marcus expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be.
But in the end, she said she accepts the struggle finding love and acceptance in the space she shares with her parents.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage from after the game shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch.
He had to be restrained by pitchside staff who were believed to have stopped his friends from walking between the stadium's West and East stands.
The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Lib Dem leader said Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal his views.
Called UKIP leader a 'Victor Meldrew in stilts' whose remarks reveal 'truly odious nature of his views'
Mr Clegg condemned David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home'
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves ahead of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto on Saturday.
Lahm has won six Bundesliga medals and is one of the most decorated players in modern football.
The 31-year-old has spent his entire career at Bayern Munich.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which North East Ambulance Service still failed to meet.
Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married again in 2013.
But first wife Michelle uncovered the deception when she saw ice bucket challenge.
She discovered footage of him completing ice bucket charity challenge on Facebook.
He had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in fraud case.
Michelle, 39, allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies, agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening.
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
The group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their'sins'
They then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
Window cleaners were working at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
The incident took place near the Lujiazui Financial District hundreds of metres below.
Shane Ferguson has been out with a knee ligament injury since joining the club.
The on-loan Newcastle United winger is back training.
Stuart McCall says Ferguson is 'desperate to get involved' in Rangers' play-off bid.
Shoshana Hebshi, a woman of Arab and Jewish descent, was strip-searched at a Detroit-area airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
Armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours.
Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
Hebshi has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
Coroner said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.
The last Amtrak fatality in Mississippi before Wednesday was at a Copiah County crossing in January 2013.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
The players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
Mr Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
There were no other specific threats to Anzac Day events in other cities, but Mr Abbott said there would be a strong police presence across Australia.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana.
The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win.
Durst, 72, faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case.
He was arrested in March a day before the finale of HBO docu-series The Jinx.
John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
The Marion County prosecutor's office filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole.
Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe in 2014.
His lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal citing a potential bias in the case.
Cowell received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003.
Daniel's parents, Denise and Bruce Morcombe, desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before Cowan's arrest.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
But Kenny Dalglish says he should be kept fresh for Euro 2016.
Kane showed against Italy that he can cope with playing against world's best defenders.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has 400,000 followers on her Weibo account.
She reportedly underwent the procedures to win back an ex boyfriend.
Some people have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat.
The 21-year-old used an ice bath as a means of cooling down.
Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
The man who gave her the ride home that day was never found.
Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
The whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing, shoving and even a few punches.
The illicit drugs, worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value, were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled the latest series of Top Gear.
But the corporation and presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
Clarkson, 54, is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage.
Tour will also see him travel to South Africa, Australia and Norway.
Real Madrid's home kit will feature three grey stripes.
The away kit will have yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
FIFA Club World Cup badge will be introduced in the centre of the kit.
Boy, 13, gave out $100 notes at Claggett Middle School in Medina, Ohio.
He then went to a friend's house after school and handed out wads of cash.
The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree.
Police have recovered some $7,000 of the man's savings.
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue his development.
Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Former Manchester United midfielder Scholes hailed Sterling as a good player.
But he says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Mr McGrady spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Swansea City host Everton at St James' Park on Saturday.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City at Leicester City.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Pep Guardiola is expected to leave the Etihad Stadium in the summer.
City have lost Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri in recent weeks.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder as an adult.
The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' at the Ciutat Esportiva training ground.
The 23-year-old left-back was watching players applaud while others, including Ivan Rakitic and Javier Mascherano, raced over to congratulate him.
Luis Enrique's side moved another step closer to reclaiming the La Liga title with a 4-0 hammering of Almeria on Wednesday evening.
Second-placed Real Madrid played later in the evening to move back within four points of their great rivals with a 2-
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
Dancer, who dated Prince Harry for two years, models spring/summer 2015 collection.
Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida pulls some poses whilst modelling.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner.
Now 34, Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
When authorities arrived at the mill in Qing Cheng District on Wednesday they found large quantities of fake cotton goods.
Almost half of people who have visited 99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are middle class and among the country's highest earners.
Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year, a significant increase from the 37% figure a year ago.
The news comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl, which are attracting increasing numbers of middle class shoppers.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to Hull squad.
Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Ukip source revealed party had initially planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month.
The Saints left-back moved permanently from Chelsea in January.
Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Bamford is the Championship's Player of the Year.
He is on loan from Chelsea and the question is whether he could be Stamford Bridge's answer to Harry Kane next season.
Prince Harry will spend four weeks with the Australian Defence Force.
Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises.
Harry will also spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi.
Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'
A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, died of a heart attack.
Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack, including the defendant's ex-colleagues and accountant.
Home video of Jesse O'Brien taking his morning pills has gone viral.
The six-year-old has to take nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills.
Video was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage him to take the drugs.
Heidi said her idea to provide encouragement with 'likes' on Facebook exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness.
It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption.
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation.
There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
She ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day.
The mother-of-one maintained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet.
Yulia moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009 to set up a healthy life-coaching business.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored the crucial try in extra-time.
Leinster centre Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
It was an all-French repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup Final in Dublin.
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii, Friday afternoon.
Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered the woman unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.
Feliciano's friends and co-workers at the Keeaumoku Street Walmart, where she worked as a zone merchandise supervisor, said she was a dedicated employee.
Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg has claimed Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
The German came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose at the Chinese GP.
Hamilton has remained unruffled by Rosberg's comments, and does not feel there is any lingering animosity.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories.
That compares to just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9per cent under Coalition.
Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
Ed Miliband is struggling to win over business men and women.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
After days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday.
The medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Bobby, 46, has filed for guardianship over Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive.
This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
Bobby shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert last Saturday.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday, at a moment when only Sen. Ted Cruz, the tea party darling, is already in the race.
The issue that made him a national figure two years ago – domestic snooping by the National Security Agency – is no longer on America's front-burner.
Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream'
An aide to a member of the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives laughed that line off on Monday.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods.
The 33-year-old will face no further action after being released.
Dossena scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
He signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
His lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences on Monday.
She said she had access to the complete criminal file and had no legal reason to continue his detention.
But she criticised Iranian media for publishing allegations that are 'wrong and contrary to reality'
Tony Hunt, 42, from Normanton, Derby, is demanding an apology from police.
A neighbour reported his daughter's cat Harry had been hit by a patrol car.
Police officers knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag.
Witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'
Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
It was City's sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions.
Pablo Zabaleta admits City are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Alex Perry has pulled out of presenting at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this year.
Perry is taking a break from the runway to focus on international ventures.
He has just filmed Asia's Next Top Model which is said to broadcast to over 11 million homes in Asia and Middle East via the Star World Network.
Nicola Sturgeon booed as she refuses to rule out holding second independence vote.
She claimed 2014’s referendum was a ‘once in a generation’ event.
But last night, she said she respected last year's result and would not call for another plebiscite in the SNP manifesto for Westminster election in May.
The result of the election this May will put Ms Sturgeon in a powerful position at Westminster, with the chance of choosing which party can form a government.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in Swansea.
He was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation.
Comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media.
She accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online.
The pair split in November after spending months together in California.
Richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000.
It prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body.
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class.
She immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed.
Coleen Rooney, 28, and Nadine Coyle, 29, have joined forces with Cancer Research.
The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover.
Women can take part in 5K, 10K and Pretty Muddy events by going to www.raceforlife.org.
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in 1961.
One of them, Richard Mason, became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe.
The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region.
More than 50 years on, that same fascination still shines out of Naturalists In Paradise.
Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at the Wisden Almanack launch.
Clarke embarrassed VIP guests with his astonishing behaviour at the Lord’s Pavilion Long Room dinner.
He arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton, whom he had rashly called a ‘man of great judgment’
Paul McGowan was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman.
The Dundee midfielder will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest.
McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was killed as he went to work in Guatemala City.
Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fired on him and his driver.
A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill him.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass during Labour rally.
Comedian said the popstar should be 'proud to make a contribution'
Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay also attended event.
Ed Miliband said Labour government would 'get Britain building again'
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers – because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Ms Fernando's'shocking' suggestion was slammed by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg today.
Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line, experts claim.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
Protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
A series of letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
A collection of 25 of the unpublished letters will be auctioned off at Doyle New York on April 15.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Smiling and enjoying the fresh air, he seemed to be in better spirits.
Nottingham Forest drew 0-0 with Brentford at Griffin Park on Monday.
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal of his career.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
She will be part of the Russian team facing Germany in Sochi.
Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
The small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island.
It is believed two Britons were among six passengers on the plane.
The single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off.
Four of the passengers were from Spain and two from Britain, while the pilot was from the Dominican Republic.
All seven were killed when the plane crashed at about 8.15am today.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband.
He explained away his absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses.
Andrew O’Clee secretly moved in with Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away.
The 36-year-old married her in a lavish wedding while Michelle was pregnant.
Last week the ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow.
Czech prime minister Bohuslav Sobotka said the reaction of President Zeman was not adequate.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona.
Suarez has scored six from six in the Champions League this season.
The Uruguayan has established himself as the most feared front three in the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe.
Under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving.
For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the UK for four years.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex.
She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world' and allow them to'remain girls for longer'
Robert O'Neill, who killed Osama bin Laden, will treat guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
O'Neill claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader.
He has described his shooting prowess in great detail, specifically how he hit terrorist leader three times in the head, ending his life.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, had mascot Ollie snatched from Nottingham pub.
He thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
Ollie has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and even Tunisia.
Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call.
In response to extra demand, many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers.
Here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country to cover all your watery needs.
Mario Balotelli is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says the Italian striker has lost his hunger.
The 24-year-old should be put on a diet of bread and water and given a Bianchina (a small car from the 1960s) instead of a Ferrari.
Joanna Flynn, 50, was a nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario.
She allegedly switched off a patient's life support without permission.
Police in Canada have also charged Flynn with criminal negligence causing death.
Flynn will appear in court again on May 29.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved.
The mother-of-three, based in Sitka, Alaska, saw a post on a Facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have been through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results.
Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement of those watching on.
The European champions can expect a different kind of battle as they look to make the most of home advantage against Atletico.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in central China has installed metal bars on all balconies.
Two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last October.
Images of the new balcony fence first appeared on Weibo last week.
Many suspect they were linked to school's aggressive teaching style.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.
City have lost six of their last eight Premier League games.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City and restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new FFP rules.
Device uses powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads bind to any cancerous cell in the sample, changing the way light passes through it.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests meaning an 8MP camera is enough.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to
Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.
There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six.
Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in?
Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day?
Juventus maintained 14-point lead at top of Serie A with 2-0 win over Empoli.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval.
Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 victory over Napoli.
The child was attacked in Namtsy, one of the coldest regions in the world.
She was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
The circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the attack.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her thyroid cancer using a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples.
She underwent surgery and radiation treatment in December.
When a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body, Ms Fox rejected further conventional medical treatment.
Ms Fox said she is seeking a trusted independent investigator to examine her claims and insists she is not promoting her cause for fame or money.
Marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped and held hostage by her ex-boyfriend when she was in her early 20s.
She was unable to get out of bed and had to rely on her three daughters to clean her and take care of her.
After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, she finally stood up for the first time in years on the season finale of My 600lb Life.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate.
He attacked the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers.
Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’
Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had ‘overwhelming support’
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Franz Beckenbauer criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
Der Kaiser was speaking in New York as part of Bayern Munich's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister David Cameron said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays' in the UK.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be'
Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders raising concerns about the shape of the economy.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men.
The more 'popular' and relevant an image is, the higher up the ranks it will move.
After Barbie, the next female - and the first human one - is Jessica Herrin, CEO of a jewellery company called Stella & Dot.
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were just 10 weeks old.
They use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten.
Zane Jones, 32, said: 'Anna was exactly the same, they both loved the water from the very first day we took them to the beach'
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
The Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded the kitchen and dumped the TV in a bath filled with water.
They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage.
Police have described it as the worst case of'mindless destruction' they have ever witnessed.
Nikola Karabatic is accused of betting on a match between Montpellier and Cesson-Rennes.
Karabatic and his brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22.
Moments before he announced the verdict on Monday, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom.
The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened when he confronted a group at a park about the noise they were making.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and instead with his mother.
Hinckley shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.
Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000.
Twiggy, 65, shows off her age-defying looks in new campaign.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season.
New designs include a chic denim jacket, floral and feminine print dress.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
But he insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right.
Last week he said if someone he 'cared' for was involved in a gay marriage he would 'of course attend'
The Miami politician announced he is running for president last week.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
The Portuguese national had kept her pregnancy secret from family and friends.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase.
Martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Jon Czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done.
Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity.
Spanish expert Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos has found LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness.
Modern LED screens, produced from about 2007 onwards, emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
The average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million)
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
This technology could be added to the next-generation iPhones and iPads.
It is already fitted to a range of laptops including the Asus N551JQ and Asus X751LD.
HTC One M8's version combines an UltraPixel sensor with a Duo Camera.
The first sensor captures the image, while the the second captures depth information.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
He was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Jarret Stoll was arrested at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas last week.
He was accused of trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA into a pool area.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson tweeted: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'
He has waited two years to get his revenge after being mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago.
Unidentified restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist as she closed shop.
She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
CCTV images show how she pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake escort website profile on Facebook.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
They found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those who thought were white.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in her department.
Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory 70 years after leaving her position.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Christopher Bailey is Burberry's chief creative and chief executive officer.
The event also marks the launch of his new Beverley Hills flagship.
Over 700 guests turned out to support Bailey at the event.
Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood were there.
Plant produces paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for fibers and plastics.
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, according to reports.
Amira has shared a picture of her enjoying a Western-style takeaway dinner.
It shows a huge takeaway, including fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw with Stoke.
The striker is the club's top scorer this season with 12 goals.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'Respect existence or expect resistance'
Banners bearing housing messages were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building.
The group called for support in a message on their Facebook page as police converged on the area.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent.
The League Two side lost 3-0 to Oxford on Saturday afternoon.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference.
Sam Smith, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free diet.
He is now barely recognisable and has been replaced with a new body confident Sam.
The singer is the star of Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' slot.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July.
It is one of three games Jose Mourinho's side will feature in across the pond.
Chelsea are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
During his testimony
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
The midfielder could've seen a straight red after catching Lucas on the ankle.
Newcastle boss John Carver refused to make excuses for his captain.
Carver said: 'I am quite straight and I won't defend anyone if it is indefensible'
Scott Kelley, now 50, and Mary Nunes, now 19, fled New Hampshire in 2004.
They fled after Mark Nunes, Mary's biological father, was granted custody.
Genevieve Kelley, then 50, refused to hand her daughter over to Mr Nunes.
She then boarded a flight to South America and was not seen again for a decade.
On Monday, the pair surrendered at the U.S. embassy and were flown back.
Kelley is now facing a charge of custodial interference, the same charge his wife will face in court next month.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire.
Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for help in the event of an alien invasion.
The former US President went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva.
Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove mention of aliens.
Warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Scientists said sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol.
Photographer Floriane de Lassee has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people.
In her photography project, Inside Views, she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping.
The scenes in which her metropolis photos are set are found across the world, including Las Vegas, New York, Moscow, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai and Tokyo.
Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that Serbeck's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship to his shooting.
Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Los Angeles on May 2.
The Filipino-fighter is preparing for the mega-fight in Las Vegas.
It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head.
Stephanie Scott's family have offered their condolences ahead of her funeral.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW's central west.
The mother of Ms Scott's accused killed is traumatised by the event, according to Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom.
President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero has scored six times against Manchester United.
The Argentine forward says the experience of scoring in a derby is unparalleled.
Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted strikers in world football.
Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped Neymar to challenge for the title of world's best player.
The 23-year-old has been a star since joining Barca from Santos two years ago.
But Ferguson insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment.
Ferguson also backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mark Hughes is keen to keep Bosnian goalkeeper Asmir Begovic at the club.
The 27-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for Birmingham City at St Andrews.
Clayton Donaldson pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Rob Kiernan's clumsy handling of Matt Derbyshire saw the former City forward go down in the box.
But referee Dean Whitestone waved away appeals for a spot-kick.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
She decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner of the sentimental ring.
Within a week, the Langley's granddaughter, Jade, messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa and that they lived under 300 kilometres away from Ms Walsh.
Over 6000 users joined the Facebook page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its' mystery owner.
Cathleen Hackney is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to the cremation of her son Paul Moreland.
The 56-year-old allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections, including from her ex-husband, to her son being cremated after his death.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation in December 2010.
Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains, and two counts of signing false certificates.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered his third concussion in four months against Wasps.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if consultants are not convinced he is ready to return to action.
Andrés Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb for €125 (£90) a night.
The Barcelona midfielder has listed the property in Castilla-La Mancha.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom, with other facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided.
Guests will also be advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18 at Manchester Arena.
Frampton and his people must decide if they really want it.
Josh Warrington is in action in Leeds this weekend.
The unbeaten Leeds featherweight is up against Dennis Tubieron for the vacant WBC international title.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station.
They were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport in December 2005.
Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death, but safety reports were not disclosed.
Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1m.
Campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
'Thank you all for being my family,' Davion said during the adoption proceedings.
Noel Biderman, 43, is the founder of Ashley Madison, a Canadian dating website for married people.
He came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website.
Its founder wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services elsewhere in the world.
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
The former plumber said he’s been influenced by Gothic Revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together.
Three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume, which can be viewed in its entirely online.
No-one is suggesting that the image of Yoda influenced the popular films in any way, but according to Star Wars folklore, Yoda is 900 years old – in the films shot in the late 1970
Tony Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous on Saturday night.
It took the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Mr Abbott was labelled 'un-Australian' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign.
Critics said he should be setting an example that drinking heavily makes you a true blue Aussie bloke.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
Lolita Grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990.
The Democrat and highly successful trial lawyer said his wife's marriage to Robert Carson was not dissolved until 1994 in Broward County, Florida.
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in her.
A review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from rare form of stomach cancer.
She is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide.
NHS England removed the drug from its approved list of treatments in January.
Mrs Peackock has called on the health service to reverse their decision.
Petr Cech posted a video on his YouTube channel playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season.
The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
Signatories said they were ‘all working people’ and warned about ‘proliferation of zero-hours contracts’
But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, told the Associated Press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market.
Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea.
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mourinho says it is 'hard but more fun' to manage at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues have been criticised for hounding match officials this season.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall.
Mr Maxwell is planning to retire and play bowls while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
Rangers are still in the Premier League drop zone but are just three points behind Aston Villa.
Political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke.
Lib Dems have created 18th birthday cards with the party's yellow bird logo.
SNP picnic blanket is ideal way to showcase your political opinion in the great outdoors.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has become a celebrity on Instagram.
The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia.
With 68,000 followers, her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds.
The undefeated champion claims McGregor is just trying to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight.
McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on a return for Kevin Pietersen.
Former England captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But the five-year-old defied the odds to take his first steps last year.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
Muliaina is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in March.
He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for six hours.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter on St George's Day.
Barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season.
Rakitic played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons'
Gao, who left her position in February 2014, began working as a contract interpreter in the Office of Language Services in June 2010.
The US attorney's office, who released the affidavit, declined to prosecute, and the FBI has not revealed what they found in a suburban Washington storage facility they searched after filing the affidavit.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal's side.
Mata insists his side can take many positives from the game.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up victory.
Durham all-rounder injured himself, then struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels.
Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
Dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy.
The research was carried out by the Department of Urology in Milan.
It involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead before Chrisitan Benteke equalised.
Tim Sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph.
Roberto Vitiello's side have not won away from home since November 2.
Palermo are in 11th place in Serie A after losing 2-1 at home to AC Milan.
Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo.
Khairree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation.
But the 37-year-old's body has never been found.
Officers carried out a preliminary search of the area outside the pub earlier this year.
Michael McIndoe lured footballers into the scheme with promises of 20% return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt.
McIndoe was known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella, where he partied with glamorous girls.
The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun and pulled the trigger.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is suing the school board, the masked safety officer who ambushed her.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people.
The co-pilot had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
The left back joined Manchester United for £28million in the summer.
Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for United this season.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 at the Philips Stadion on Saturday.
Victory puts them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax Amsterdam.
Luk de Jong scored two headed goals in the opening period.
It is a 22nd league championship for PSV, who are second only to Ajax (33 titles) in the Netherlands.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral.
Thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
The principal of a Canberra school has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage.
It was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers.
The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class.
ACT Education MInister Joy Burch said it is a horrifying situation.
Shadow Education Minister Kate Ellis said the mistreatment of students with a disability was'shocking and deeply disturbing'
Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world, with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay.
The Phugtal Monastery in India is located at the entrance to a cave on a cliff face in the south-eastern Zanskar region.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight.
Hatton lost to Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion's den.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
The zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline, keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula before he was jailed by Yemeni officials.
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water.
Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney.
Design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers are known for pushing boundaries.
They are aiming for a different shape of women to other designers.
This industry first in Australia comes after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat.
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years.
You can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
An emotional Klopp said he would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.
Map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and Orbview-1/Microlab satellite.
In the map, the areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square kilometre (0.4 square miles) - are shown in bright pink.
The areas with least flashes are grey and purple.
According to the satellite observations, lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight.
The Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident on Good Friday.
Ryanair confirmed there were three off-duty staff on board the flight.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Liverpool.
The striker has struggled for form since leaving the club in 2011.
Torres has scored four times since returning to Spain in January.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak.
Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
She felt empowered after telling someone she had herpes because it humanized the STI in a way that made it less of a stigma.
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The A-level student had suffered an epileptic fit and was on medication.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was a talented singer.
Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
As befitting a luxury property, the castle is ideally located near an international airport which has regular flights to London.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority.
Viewers on Twitter accused programme of 'leftist hostility' and 'appalling'
Mr Cameron insisted: 'I’m not going to start taking bets but there is every opportunity in the next 15 days for there to be a majority government'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends and got into an argument.
Police had thought he was in his car, but his body has now been found down a well.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
Murray watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
The British No 1 is currently training on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction.
'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said.
The interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's killing.
Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take.
Planets with potential oceans could have a climate much more similar to Earth's than previously expected.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL this week to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
Peterson is set to earn a base salary of $12.75million from the Vikings.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday.
Manchester City are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
City are willing to use Nasri and Edin Dzeko as bait in Paul Pogba deal.
A new study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University found a direct link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
Michael Ribton, principal at Burlington Danes Academy, says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on the fridge and really engage with them during the lead up to the stressful exam period.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford.
The clip appears to have been taken after Sunday's derby which United won 4-2.
Manchester City have worked long and hard to cut out such chants and references.
A host of United greats, including Duncan Edwards, Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne, died following the disaster.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez opened the scoring in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was sent off shortly before the interval.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Police are due to begin an autopsy on Ms Scott's body to determine how she was killed.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder on Thursday.
NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24
The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood.
He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on Monday for throwing a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in New Mexico.
Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
On Thursday, he threw another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar.
Oskar Groening is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews.
The 93-year-old was tasked with meeting trains bringing victims to Auschwitz.
He was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
300,000 were gassed just after arrival at the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland.
Now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail.
He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks.
On Friday it was revealed
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
It's claimed they were on their way to join the Islamic State.
The two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey.
Australia has agreed to expand its intelligence sharing with Turkish counterterrorism agencies.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of 18-month-old Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
He allegedly became enraged that the boy urinated on him during a diaper change.
Alvarado allegedly confessed to the assault on videotape.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored three goals in seven games for England compared with three in 21 Premier League starts for Spurs.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens and took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California.
It literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
From today, Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling.
Peter Gardner and Kalynda Davis were apprehended in Guangzhou in 2014.
The exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing, obtained under freedom of information laws.
Another citizen, Ibrahim Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested at Guangzhou Airport in July over alleged drug crimes.
Arsenal players employ relatives as their agents after FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s father Mark is acting as his representative since Alex split from Impact Sports Management.
Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management, whose head of talent ID is his stepfather Steve Moss.
Liverpool club secretary Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons following 20 years at Wigan.
Jack Andraka grew up in suburban Maryland with his brother and parents.
At school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek.
A close family friend, Uncle Ted, died of pancreatic cancer.
Deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
The capybara JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy.
He has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram and 1,000 Twitter followers.
The rodent sits perfectly still in a shallow bath while three ducklings stand on its head and body.
Australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year.
Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses
A mysterious app called None* gives users only one clue to get started.
There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users guess the answers.
The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text.
It can be completed and has 50 levels, according to people bragging on the App Store.
The bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash.
When one of Mr Kyle's lie detector tests revealed that Jamie had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish in 30s.
But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Tories or Labour.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will make 4,000-mile trip after raising cash to pay for flights.
He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen.
Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, Vermont, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy.
The cause of death was not entirely conclusive and was ruled as atypical pneumonia, a common complication associated with Botox overdoses.
Allergan plead guilty to criminal off-label promotion in 2010 and paid $600 million in fines.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen around their Melwood base.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players and did not want a screen put up.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But now the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender.
But last night Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein and was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times should be'struck from the record'
The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations, but issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
Three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities, according to reports.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
Ahmed was indicted for lying to the FBI during a terrorism investigation, conspiring to provide material support to the ISIS and attempting to provide support in February.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under this year.
A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
Secretary of the Immigration Department Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be the perfect fit for Bayern.
Bayern legend believes only a fully fit squad can beat Barcelona.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007, and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $3.5 million.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp.
The Borussia Dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave the German club in the summer.
Morgan has long been a critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano who described it as 'next-level mean' in an opinion piece fornews.com.au.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
Mr Miah blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December.
She flew from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online.
Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
Walters has always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her on the show.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear.
His lawyer claimed Cousins had conflicting medical appointments.
The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
Cousins has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn'
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Georgia's Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
The two-time national champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match.
Nigalidze's opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory.
Tournament organisers announced their decision to expel him on Sunday morning.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates at Lord's on Wednesday.
The decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
Four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
They hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs.
Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with the city.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead early on Sunday in New Haven, Connecticut.
Scott was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials told him he could no longer pitch for his team.
The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions.
When his manager sent him out to pitch after the ban was issued, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured.
Sunday's murder was the city's fourth
Prime Minister will today pledge that if he is returned to Downing Street he will offer public £4 billion of Lloyds shares still held by the Government after Gordon Brown’s £20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers’ money during the 2008 economic crisis.
Investors 30 years ago took overnight profits on their stakes in privatised companies such as British Gas and British Telecom.
Lloyds shareholders will be encouraged to hang on to their holding.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
She had recently left her position as director of design at the V&A, where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan, an on-going restoration and redesign programme.
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch.
But housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
The bosses of housing associations, which are not for profit, were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million in 2011.
He plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.
The complex will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
But it could face trouble getting planning permission - as VIP neighbours may object to the building works.
Star Wars director plans to build complex on 1,039 acres of land in California.
The complex would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex in 2012.
A spokesman said they did not want to be seen as 'evil empire'
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt.
The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and he was taken to PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center in Vancouver.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin on one of LA's freeways.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades in the sunshine.
Nicolas, 23, will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit in June.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri, South Wales, fell down stairs.
She was carrying a box of decorations down stairs when she fell.
Her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows.
The family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons at the club.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Kurt Cobain, John Lennon, Freddie Mercury and Eddie Van Halen all shine through.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of car.
He was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
His widow Kate has now reached out of court settlement with North Yorkshire County Council.
Whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades according to research.
All children used to be told to whistle while they worked by the Disney animation Snow White.
But the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now.
Jeremy Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Peace is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
He does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead for Force India.
Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the team starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace.
The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model, which is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil.
The former Real Madrid defender won the 2002 World Cup.
Carlos has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Officials with Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved.
Akael Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
She believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident.
Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
The Australian airline slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport.
Frustrated listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
They even found that different wines match different pizza toppings - with Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
For Scotch eggs, a Fiano complimented the flavours well and for salt and vinegar crisps, a Shiraz Rose was found to be the best match.
Ulster confirmed the signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week.
The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast.
Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.
Police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota.
The Semen, stolen from Daniel Weness's farm, was taken from an unlocked barn.
A $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
Police have no suspects.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine aggressiveness.
After surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have high or low risk of disease returning.
For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500.
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
Anderson is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua.
England need him in Test cricket as long as possible.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players, with centre-back pairing John Terry and Gary Cahill joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard is favourite for the main individual award after a superb season in which he has notched 18 goals for the Stamford Bridge outfit.
Arsenal beat Stoke City 4-1 in the U21 Premier League on Tuesday night.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for the Gunners under 21 side.
Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby were also involved in the game.
Wilshere has been out of action since November 22 with an ankle injury.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show.
She is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson poised to come out of playing retirement at the age of 38.
Watson's last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June.
Head coach Iestyn Harris is still thought to be down to just 17 fit players.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at Augusta.
The four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root.
Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
But the American claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
She was killed and eight others, including five children, were injured in crash.
Witnesses said she was knocked down before careering head-on into bus.
BMW M3 sportscar then span sideways and pinned Miss Shamim against a wall.
Driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Rebecca Adlington, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child.
Gold medal winning athlete says pregnancy was hard to deal with.
Says she put on a stone and was 'not ready for maternity stuff'
Wants to get back in shape and feel like herself again.
Pensioner, 87, was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet.
She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing.
The flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authority’s North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare.
MailOnline Travel have been advised by Irish police that the woman has since been released without charge.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship.
Reanne Evans will take on Ken Docherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Jimmy White will tackle fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener.
Davis won six world titles in the 1980s and rolled back the years.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children.
But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering, she said.
Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes ‘working mum guilt’
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
Clarkson was approached by the fan as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room.
The man reportedly 'got in his face' yelling 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?'
The incident took place a few hours after the Hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from bedroom.
Great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played by Geraldine McEwan.
Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, has now been jailed for three years.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The reports come as acoustic scientists from Curtin University refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean.
Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of Perth, locals believe they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing plane,
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez’s mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict.
The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds.
60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless'
One in five admitted to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
Donna Oettinger, 41, and son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in 2013.
She had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before the tragedy.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father had a second family.
Zaki was referred to social services, although case was not reviewed.
Coroner has today ruled that doctors and social services made five'significant' failures.
Mario Ambarita, 21, climbed into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
Plane took off from main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ‘looking for work’
He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of wheel housing at Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Michael Vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of England's top order for just looking to survive.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled on the first morning.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur.
Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years.
She has now started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island.
Burston hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourhood where Mohammed Emwazi hung out.
Security services are now investigating his influence on London Boys terror cell.
He has also been linked to Adel Abdel Bari, another Egyptian-born jihadist.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012.
Manchester United and Chelsea have won more than their Merseyside rivals but each of those have brought home something.
Party will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’
It will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say figures are a timely reminder of the ‘NHS crisis’
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend.
Channel 7 Perth reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12.
First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating the reporter at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage.
The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17, 2015.
He will appear in Perth
Nico Rosberg was furious with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Rosberg responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying'
Hamilton finished second, a place ahead of Sebastian Vettel.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans.
Curry nearly single-handedly outscored New Orleans with 11 first-quarter points.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife on September 7 last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.
She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
Nico Rosberg has been left in the shade by Lewis Hamilton.
Hamilton secured his 36th win of his career in Bahrain.
Pumpkin seed oil is thought to enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms.
Studies have even found pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food.
The seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title after Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than Lee.
The Irishman admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown and standing count.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched hysterectomy.
Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
Claimed he suffered psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up.
NHS is now fighting to overturn payout fearing it could have disastrous consequences.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Labour has predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar, and the number of poor students going to university fall.
But in each case the party's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team.
The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
Mr Miliband refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament.
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance.
Fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival.
In the UK supporters can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency.
Arsenal dominate Twitter followers in Australia with pockets of support for Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
Gianfranco Zola was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton.
Bees owner Matthew Benham is also sounding out coaches from Spain and France.
Current boss Mark Warburton is leaving the club next month.
Benham also wants to follow the lead of Danish side FC Midtjylland.
Ed Miliband also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the A&E crisis.
Meanwhile it emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims staff bend rules to get their hands on passengers and conduct bag checks.
His comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down.
The staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public.
Meal of Wye Valley asparagus, soft poached quail egg, confit of tomato and deep fried polenta all prepared by executive chef Paul Collins.
Most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away, meat comes from the firm's own Holt Farm or a local butchers, and trout is fished from a lake at the bottom of the hill.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance at Manchester United this season.
The 34-year-old says he would not swap football for anything except to be an F1 driver.
Carrick admits moving to London at 15 was one of the biggest challenges he ever faced.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for 15 years while Saudi Arabian authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia's ambassador was not notified before her execution this morning.
Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The Wales international suffered a calf injury against Malaga.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck against Atletico.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez.
David Cameron's party on 36 per cent of the vote, according to ComRes poll.
Labour on 32 per cent, Ukip on 10 per cent and Lib Dems on 8 per cent.
Poll suggests that with less than a fortnight to go, there is all to play for.
One in five of those likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
Mary Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal.
The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Celtic were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead.
Ronny Deila was angry at the referee's decision to award his side a penalty.
Scottish champions wilted in extra-time, succumbing to goals from Edward Ofore and David Raven.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Scientists around the country are trying to work out why populations of bees and other insects are plummeting.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking.
Saban and Grimes pledged the Phi Mu sorority at the University of Alabama in 2009.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
Just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans.
Satine burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
The striker has now scored six goals in eight games for the club.
Tim Sherwood has brought his fearless approach to blooding youth players with him to Villa Park.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump car.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider.
A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer.
She moved in to his £615,000 flat months after she moved in.
He disinherited surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for 20 years.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87, his family claimed.
But mother-of-one insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out.
John Terry hails Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Hazard gave Chelsea the lead from the spot in the 2-1 win over Stoke.
Charlie Adam scored a memorable 66-yard equaliser for the visitors.
Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin.
It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day, she will draw a new one on her skin.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according the police report, and he turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from the border with Turkey.
She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the Syrian camp since her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre.
But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south, towards the city of Idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of Al Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate at the weekend.
It means the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has
This year's Vivid Sydney festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Vivid starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night.
Spanish lawyer Miriam Gonzalez Durantez says Tories want to kick her out.
Claims she has been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years.
Comes after Lib Dem leader warned 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling Tories.
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were spotted at a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, at 1:13 p.m. local time on Monday.
No one in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager of the restaurant told Bloomberg.
Clinton's net worth fell somewhere between $5 million and $25 million in 2012, the last time she was required by the government to disclose her earnings.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in a car crash in East Sussex.
The 21-year-old was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.
Mr Owen's family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll was crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong.
His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
The Irish rugby legend has been working as an ambassador for HSBC.
SNP leader sparked outrage by refusing to rule out second vote on breaking up Union.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow, if the first image was retweeted 500 times.
Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink, all in the name of spreading a message of tolerance and acceptance to the community.
Justin Rose finished second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings.
Rickie Fowler finished 12th and Steve Stricker finished 28th in his first tournament of 2015.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together for the first time since he entered rehab on Tuesday night.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.
On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
'Significant others are the #1 reason that people fail outside rehab. If you are in rehab, then you have an addictive personality and the drug councilors will atest that one addiction is as
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
She went missing on the same weekend of celebrations for the Little 500.
Two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, central China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on giant cylinder-shaped rollers.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq.
He declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
The Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and friends insist that the will is invalid.
They say that the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court battle at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
He was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when he was rescued.
Video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's Orangutan Rescue Centre in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
Mark Hughes is keen to extend the current 100m x 66m parameter.
The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size.
Kate, 33, said baby is due'mid to late April' during an engagement last month.
But Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed.
The 25th is favourite with punters according to bookmakers Ladbrokes.
Yesterday, police were seen peering under traffic cones and taking lamp posts apart.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points.
It was only the East Yorkshire side's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of defender Jason Denayer.
The 19-year-old defender has impressed on loan at City this season.
Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile.
Immobile has struggled since joining from Torino last summer.
Arsenal have also considered reviving interest in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Tottenham sent a scout to watch Lille against Bordeaux last weekend.
Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat.
It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
Stephen Hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures.
The 55-year-old had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years.
Letter handed out to stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in'solidarity' over his sacking.
Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look both ways before crossing.
Young chimps will often run across roads, while dominant males wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely.
It is the first time chimps have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie.
Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the lead and the eventual win.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
But Sam Allardyce is not bothered by how City will react to their slump.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament – including the SNP – to ‘try to build a majority’
SNP, forecast to hold balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unidentified woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in Sheffield.
Six-time world champions Steve Davis and Kurt Maflin were also knocked out.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
Along with favorites from DreamWorksTV, Jim Henson TV, Mother Goose Club, Talking Tom and Friends and more, your kids can watch new series from YouTube channels they already like.
National Geographic Kids; Reading Rainbow; and Thomas the Tank Engine leave the world of Sodor for the first time in 70 years to travel
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. for allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
He has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
It's claimed he did all this from his parents' semi-
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport.
The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, which is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia.
Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America to promote his 'Dude Food' cook book.
He was joined by blonde bombshell Blake Lively and Tim McGraw.
Churchill admitted to Lively that he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds.
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in its target seats.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in Puerto Banus.
Police believe 5ft 7in waitress was forced into the vehicle.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday.
Agnese disappeared after a night out at trendy Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to be encouraging surge.
They are driving a new generation of what the Church considers demonic 'possessions'
Prof Giuseppe Ferrari made the revelation at a Vatican-backed exorcism course.
In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The club legend believes Louis van Gaal's philosophy is perfect for United.
Cantona has defended his role in soft porn film You And The Night.
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts.
The Toffees boss insists they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future.
Distin has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team.
Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
Jose Mourinho said John Terry was the best he had ever played.
The Blues skipper is enjoying some of the best football of his career.
Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against the Gunners.
InXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
The couple's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
In one image, the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit, with her arms thrown casually above her head.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
To date the toddler's Easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug.
The findings mirror a spike in OAPs being treated for drug abuse.
Figures show 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
Bosch kicked a last-minute penalty to secure a 12-11 victory over Racing Metro.
The 31-year-old joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season.
The Ghana international is a free agent and wants to move to England.
Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have four players out injured ahead of the game.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out.
Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
While it is still fun to get on a plane, seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Be prepared to wade through hordes of tourists and avoid getting other cameras in your shot while visiting the Mona Lisa.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle.
She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 and by the end of the summer, she had fallen pregnant with the boy's child.
After a highly-publicized trial, she was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with him.
But weeks after her
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62.
Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick, having followed his first-round 68 with a 66.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23.
O'Shawnnessy sent photos of the bodies to the children's biological father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide.
Latasha was separated from her husband but not divorced, and Jason Gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer Latasha shared with him.
According to Latasha
Amir Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Reports in America suggested Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between Khan and Algieri.
Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter while Miguel Cotto was another name ruled out.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Mohamed claims he would progress with Arsenal under Arsene Wenger.
Fekir scored Lyon's opener in the 3-1 win over Guingamp.
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket.
The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps to date.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson from Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit.
The pair will now have to spend more to evaluate the care of their son.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed party.
He was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house.
His neighbour, Margaret Brown, said: 'I'm devastated. He was such a sweet guy'
Perkins evens for role ahead of Dermot O'Leary and British model Jodie Kidd.
Clarkson was sacked by BBC after he struck and verbally abused producer.
He will return later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property.
Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
The veterans were staying at the Lake Town Wharf Resort and the students were in town for their spring formal.
About 60 veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan were also attending a retreat that has been held twice a year for the past six years.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day.
Study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use Snapchat, the controversial message service where messages disappear seconds after they are sent.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
The little girl is believed to be named Aliya.
A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in.
They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property.
Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social networks to establish that people are out of their homes before striking while nobody is home.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at Utah State Prison in Draper.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner offer their predictions.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor?
Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man'
Allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle United manager in 2007.
The pair will be reunited at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence.
Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger.
The club is close to the Martin Place War Memorial.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace the Spaniard at Napoli.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20.
This as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL.
Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Jeff Richmond, who is executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke exclusively to Daily Mail Online.
He described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
The character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.
His face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of Brandt's own appearance.
Manchester United take on Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action.
Robin van Persie could return to action after being declared fit.
United are four points clear of City in the Premier League table.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell was an officer at Lancaster CID.
She is accused of prying on former partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data.
Also denies eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup semi-final.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about his team without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery.
Ribery is out with an ankle injury while Robben is out until May with a stomach muscle tear.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA.
Some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases.
Llallawavis scagliai was one of the last terror birds to prowl the Earth.
It was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina.
Palaeontologists say it had powerful jaws but limited hearing.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
This suggests it would have been better at detecting lower frequency sounds than humans are.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004.
Mourinho believes the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Dominic Solanke will represent Chelsea and England for years to come.
Time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch.
Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes.
Turning a corner the train moves at a slow and steady pace – the track barely visible from under the snow.
Two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm.
Instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy'
But ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space to store bodies.
Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement.
A spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country.
John Coyne, 56, ran Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
The landlord was jailed for nine years at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Local sources claim the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them.
Scott and Mayo Shirley were travelling back to Washington DC from Orlando.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
Mrs Shirley rubbed the carpet area on the floor of their seats and discovered the whole area was wet with vomit.
Staff allegedly refused to clean and scrub down the affected area.
The family were given blankets, which did nothing to remove the pungent smell.
United Airlines have offered them a $150 flight voucher and some'mileage points'
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
The decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint.
But there’s a subtext to those severed heads: this is a place where the hunt always ends in a kill.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The Briton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points.
Raikkonen finished second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid, a place ahead of Rosberg, who drove with real gusto but struggled with brake problems.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation.
Hydraulic formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
The motivational speaker suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body in 2011.
She underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild a nose but was not expecting complications where she had stopped breathing during the procedure.
Ms Pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 after a long battle with depression.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean today told inquest that friend AJ Sutton later identified body.
In a previous statement Mr Hardman's family said he was determined to find a cure.
Mr Hardman shot to fame after featuring on Kiss frontman Gene Simmons' show School of Rock.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
Heslip has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged.
He accepted Todd Ray's offer to join the show as the 'Bubble Boy' a few weeks ago and said it gives him the platform to talk about his
Arsenal host Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday evening.
The Gunners are seven points clear at the top of the table and have a game in hand.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his players to focus on the next game.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad.
Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned.
Paladini's claim is based on what he says he was told by Darrell Willis, former chief of woodland fires for the city.
Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they killed animal.
Producers thought it was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile.
But suspicions were raised when animal appeared larger than usual.
It has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films with Tuttosport comparing the clash to 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers.
La Gazetta dello Sport are equally bold in their conviction that the Old Lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won.
Bernabeu boss Carlo Ancelotti apparently fears hos former team since: 'They've won the Scudetto and can now focus only on Europe'
Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
Amelie Mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby.
The British No 1 has been planning to work with Jonas Bjorkman.
Bjorkman is a former world No 1 doubles player.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, it is a shadow of its former self, with commissary building in disrepair.
Rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis, live in house just north of building.
Couple encounter only hired help in town, which once housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
Despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has an online dating profile.
He says that he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at Liverpool and Real Madrid.
The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf.
Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
The body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night.
Her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Police are now appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox.
They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short, dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes.
Madeline Luciano allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
The 40-year-old claims she was trying to teach them to be kind to each other.
She has now launched court action against New York's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The findings were made using Nasa’s orbiting Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer (Wise) telescope.
Umpires ejected five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
More people in Britain back fracking than are opposed to it, Greenpeace survey finds.
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35% disagreed with using the controversial technique.
Greenpeace campaign group accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island allegedly strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
He is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal'
Coroner ruled that the fall was 'no accident' but stopped short of ruling Mr Stephenson committed suicide.
Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's constituency.
Michael Scott Shemansky has been on the run from police since Saturday.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose all tee off on Sunday.
The Masters 2015 is the first major of the year at Augusta National.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus, 24, and Johanna Pichlbauer, 25.
The device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete.
Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards to make it 1-1 at half-time.
Stoke lost 2-1 to Chelsea as Loic Remy scored the winner for the Blues.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table.
He says Louis van Gaal should be expected to do well with such a squad.
City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday.
Video was created by the American Chemical Society (ACS)
It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.
Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid.
Sits can be used to lift food stains from counter tops or hard surfaces.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
May 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by Mayweather.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland with MPs north of the border having no say.
The plan will involve reforming Parliament’s committee stage, where MPs discuss legislation in detail.
It is likely to trigger a row with Labour, which opposes the idea of an English veto.
Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison.
But now he may be moved to a low-security Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland.
Sutcliffe has expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from God'
Report is being compiled which will be heard next month.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal since joining from Chelsea in February.
The 24-year-old thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience as he netted.
Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes.
The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes last September prior to landing a Listed event there five weeks later.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people at a press day for the air show.
A friend who wished to stay anonymous said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
The 25-year-old was born in Doncaster and played for Notts under 11s before moving to Brisbane 18 months ago.
Anonymous benefactor posted plain brown envelope to church officials.
Said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'
Cash will be put towards restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million.
Church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding.
But only if they can raise £7.1million themselves by the end of the year.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
But parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
Professor Matthew Cooper, a professorial research fellow at the University of Queensland's Institute for Molecular Bioscience, attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend.
The boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
The 11-year-old was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane.
Stancil told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances.
He said in a telephone interview from a Daytona Beach jail, Lane tried to take advantage of his brother.
'I'm a murderer, you know, what the hell do I got to care? I don't give a damn if I go back to society,' he said.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on Churchill Way.
She had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When police finally managed to breathalyse her, she was three times the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7.
Arsenal trio Olivier Giroud, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil make the top 10.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983.
The father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former Leicester West MP waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘beggars belief’
Adam Barker is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
Barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
LHC was shut down two years ago after confirming existence of Higgs boson.
It was upgraded to allow scientists to carry out more extreme experiments.
The re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks thanks to a short circuit in the system, but this morning it started operating again at last.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer as a teenager.
The 42-year-old left Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16.
He was captain of the Reading youth team and was then in the first team squad.
Rodgers believes his experiences as a youngster have helped him to nurture the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey.
Bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding.
They are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages.
The club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City.
The Argentine scored his 100th goal in the 89th minute against QPR.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets for City.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
As he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day, he saw Chelsea talking on the phone.
'Oh, I’ve got to go. The pigs are here,' she told her phone pal, according to Payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
Chelsea now shares leadership of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to questions about the 'pigs' episode.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button, and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
The current lowest number anyone has pressed at, so far, is 27 seconds.
New Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million.
He said he was alerted to the issue when consulting with workers in the field.
The Minister said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year.
It would be possible to make exceptions in certain circumstances – for example women escaping domestic violence.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
Prior will lead his own team in the race for the first time.
The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police then proceeded to search his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers.
The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children.
Chris Blowes is in a critical condition after being mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia.
The 26-year-old was attacked at 9.45am on Saturday at Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park.
Witnesses said the shark swam away with Mr Blowes' leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was taken to Port Lincoln hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide.
His family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received.
Fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash.
Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
A fundraising page set up by friends of the family has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week - more than twice what was expected.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, suffered 18 stab wounds as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen, who remanded her until
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a $250,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather.
The rapper offered to place a bet of $100,000 on the mega-fight.
Wahlberg accepted but raised the stake to $250k as he takes on the boxer.
Mayweather and Pacquiao are set to fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity.
The former England rugby captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth.
They will battle extreme temperatures of between -25C and -50C as well as dragging 60kg sledges.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on Wednesday when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
Bleary allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the New York Post.
Copeland, who used to play for the Knicks, underwent surgery on Wednesday morning.
The Indiana Pacers confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
He was the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas.
Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill's face during Sunday's World Cup final win over New Zealand.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann defended his players following criticism of their behaviour.
Sportsmail’s David Lloyd added his voice to the chorus of criticism aimed at the Australians.
Andrew Danziger said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit in 1989.
He said UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
The aviator, who has 28 years of cockpit experience, said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton loves all night parties and regularly goes out.
The single mother of two admits proffering a bus pass while'stinking of vodka' can be a bit embarrassing.
She says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Two guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The men tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold.
Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal.
They are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday.
Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner may be heading for the exit at the end of the season.
Hamann also doubts whether injured Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side when fit.
Researcher and education expert Dr Teresa Belton believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
Simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing.
Belton says: 'Wellbeing is a continuing state, while happiness can come and go. Wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well'
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated for alleged misconduct.
Chanel, 19, claims to have covered her body in pig's blood to maintain her youthful appearance.
The freelance model claims that 'thousands of years ago people did this and it worked'
She also claims that she has eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
Jessica Silva has spoken out for the first time about the day she stabbed and killed her partner, James Polkinghorne.
The veteran journalist who conducted the interview has revealed her walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people'
'She tells it in a ridiculously raw, emotional but extremely clear way, she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that'
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury said she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death.
He said: 'It’s very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such, very vulnerable positions'
Campaigners branded his comments 'unhelpful' and 'insensitive'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The 24-year-old will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut ties with the club.
Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament.
The Tottenham striker made his senior England debut against Italy.
Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill'
The pharmacist told deputies she planned to kill Gov. Rick Scott, which prompted her arrest.
Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency.
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced and a bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902 was toppled from his horse.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
DNA samples led them to his mother, who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
She explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Police ruled out any foul play and the woman remains on bail.
Brendan Rodgers was fined at Blackburn Magistrates' Court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington, Lancashire, with broken windows and doors.
The court confirmed the conviction when approached yesterday.
However, Hyndburn Borough Council said in a subsequent statement that both Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned.
Rodgers is believed to own properties in London, near his former club Reading, and in Northern Ireland.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates.
Jose Mourinho's side went on to win the title three years in a row.
Chelsea's defence was breached just 15 times as they won the title.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp at Wembley.
The Royals were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final.
But manager Steve Clarke is confident Federici will bounce back.
Click here for all the latest Reading news.
The Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in South America.
Every summer, the sleepy backwater hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world, celebrities and millionaire playboys.
Staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea, they converge of the beach - a mass of honeyed limbs and perfect figures.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Those from outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country.
Jay Rutland, 34, married Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in July 2013.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in just £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives with wife and one-year-old daughter Sophia in London.
One in 30 pupils who sat exams ended up with at least ten A grades.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012.
But critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy.
Terence Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title.
Crawford knocked down Thomas Dulorme three times in quick fashion.
The scheduled 12-round fight in North Texas came a week before Crawford is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the Boxing Writers Association of America.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first American governor in five years to visit Cuba.
The Governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.
John Hughes says he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves.
The Caley Thistle boss set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic.
He admits his head was in a spin over the affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last Sunday.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'
When her mother Amanda saw Abby's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained and said it was because Abby 'couldn't see'
Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch offered to re-take it.
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 struggled to get under par on the opening day.
Woods recorded a relatively respectable score.
It was testament to his cussedness as much as his talent.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
The 33-year-old added 130 for the fifth wicket with Ben Stokes.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and keep them on course for quadruple.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions.
Brendon McCullum will visit to play T20 cricket this summer.
Hales and Chris Woakes have called for some rethinking of the domestic structure.
Ashley Young is the resident DJ at Manchester United's changing room.
But he has been told by Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house.
Young was invited on to MUTV show Thursday Focus to reveal the secret.
Former Reds striker Andy Ritchie and Helen Evans hosted the show.
Adam Johnson, 27, charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
He faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted of the offences.
The £10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at Peterlee police station, Durham.
Johnson, the father of a three-month-old daughter, has made 31 appearances for Sunderland this season, scoring five goals.
Peter Schweizer claims Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation.
The claims are laid out in Clinton Cash, due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
Clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of 'absurd conspiracy theories' designed to derail Clinton's 2016 campaign.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book.
In it, she recounts the events of Prince Harry's infamous party night in 2012.
She claims she was one of 10 women invited to party with him at Wynn.
But Kensington Palace has dismissed her claims as 'untrue'
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers, Labour leader said.
A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
United face Manchester City in the derby on Sunday.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade around the potato.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through.
Nicky Buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on The Sale of the Century after falling pregnant in 1997.
Despite her blossoming belly and impending birth, Buckley says the pregnancy showed the ugly side to TV.
'I was told I jammed fax machines at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively,' she says.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home on Tuesday.
He was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's home.
Animal welfare officers tried to get him to move, but he was gone.
They then fired beanbags and tried to fire tennis balls into the area.
Luckily for them, he was heading back to Griffith Park.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington.
He says he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin.
The incident came to light after the Washington Post published a long account of Pickens' time in the small northwestern town.
On one side, 'n****r' had been sprayed in huge letters and on the other side read: 'Sue cheif [sic] and pay'
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyers said mental illness drove the then 25-year-old to shoot the President in an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster.
He has been allowed freedom in stages and spends 17 days a month at his mother's Virginia home.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal 3-0 ahead.
Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
Sportsmail's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances.
Roma fans displayed banners during their 1-0 defeat of Napoli on Saturday.
The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year.
Roma will have part of their stadium closed for the match against Atalanta.
Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during violent clashes following last year's Coppa Italia final in Rome.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork.
Kazakhstan's Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online.
The pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have been viewed more than 30,000 times.
Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes.
Police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an ATM from a California gas station last Friday morning.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county.
His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door.
Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard.
He slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky and called police.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP is at the mercy of SNP.
Osborne says SNP would be stronger force in Labour minority government.
Comes after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's budget'
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable.
His father Philippe Bianchi has opened up about the anguish he and his family have gone through since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
This has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
But Jose Mourinho has said Costa's recovery is going well.
Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy could return against Manchester United.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
She pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-0 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a stunning winner in extra time.
Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead before Matt Targett equalised.
Adam Lyth was named in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Yorkshire's Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13.
Lyth finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards.
Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned Theo Walcott's confidence is plummeting.
Theo Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Walcott has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term lay-off due to a serious knee injury.
Arsenal face Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix.
Ivanovic had already beaten Garcia two previous times this year.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Jill Scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt on Jade Bailey.
The Manchester City Ladies midfielder reacted angrily to the challenge.
Scott was shown a straight red card during the second half of the Women's Super League clash at the City Football Academy.
City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character' and said the incident will be dealt with.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her assets while away.
Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for Ladies European Tour.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision.
Tiger Woods hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole at Augusta National.
The 21-year-old was forced to miss the Masters due to injury.
Woods finished in the top 20 at the Masters, his best return since 2013.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road.
The Canaries move into the Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Alex Neil's side remain unbeaten in the Championship this season.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as 'humble and down to earth'
Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray.
'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said.
Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors made an emotional statement.
They were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
Accused of groping breast of one of the nurses and saying 'you bad girl'
Nurse A said he asked her about chest X-rays and asked her to see nipple.
Doctor denied touching her inappropriately and said his office door had been open.
An estimated 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea.
The former Arsenal and Tottenham defender bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after he staged a sit-in at an estate agents’ in the hope of securing it for his family.
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon.
He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious.
An inquest will be held in due course.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has been on the bench for most of the season.
The 26-year-old has been pictured with Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, David Ospina, Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil.
Walcott will be hoping to make his first Arsenal start since March 14.
Violeta Tupuola has joined the puffy pout craze by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions.
The Australian teenager got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck.
A worrying new trend dubbed the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Londis in Cleveleys.
Pair pulled out'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in family's faces.
They demanded cash from till, but parents refused to hand it over.
When they refused, Munro and Thompson threw handfuls of sweets at them.
Couple were tracked down and Munro jailed for five years and four months.
Thompson jailed for three years and 4 months for robbery and firearms offences.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
The Royals have struggled in the Championship this season.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
MacDonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his.
Last month he caused a stir when he appeared on Channel 5 documentary 40 Kids by 20 Women.
New York City's Library Hotel has more than 6,000 books at its fingertips.
Each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
The hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer's Den & Poetry Garden, which serves literary-themed cocktails.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final.
Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester the lead with 20 minutes to go.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to seal victory.
City will face Chelsea in the final on April 20 and Stamford Bridge on April 27.
Arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall'
Santi Cazorla chose Spanish pop star Melendi's slow track.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list.
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod.
But was the achievement just a hoax?
Captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake, the youngster holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod while reeling.
The Danish monarch was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties.
Also on the balcony was Margrethe's second son, Joachim, 45, his French wife Princess Marie, his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, Henrik, five, Athena, three.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow were sanctioned for displaying a racist banner.
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol'
The club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against the sanctions rejected.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden.
The Ukrainian won 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other on Saturday.
Klitschko is the mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
Click here for more boxing news.
Adam Peaty breaks the men's 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds.
The 20-year-old beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off and is thrilled with the win.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists, when the incident happened at around 3.30pm local time.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from Leavenworth military prison in Kansas.
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
She was convicted in 2013 for leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers.
Company has warned existing customers loyalty points will be much lower from June 1.
Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
Carter and Jack Hanson, from Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about Mr Harding on their first trip to Yorktown and the Patriot's Point museum.
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Liverpool intend to speak to Jon Flanagan about a new contract in the summer.
Flanagan's deal is set to expire at the end of the season.
The 22-year-old has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons had to replace the main artery with a vein and needed 112 staples.
Mabbutt, who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17, will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley in the second half.
Ander Herrera scored either side of Rooney for United.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Law firm Skadden, Arps, one of the largest and most prestigious law firms in the nation, comes in at the top of the list.
Indiana's 'ghost cane' is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a Louisiana slave master.
Bruno Amadio’s portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed.
Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old 'chair of death' now in Philadelphia.
Sami Khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer's World Cup.
Manchester United have maintained an interest in the Germany international.
Khedira's representatives have spoken to Schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed Bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao take on each other in Las Vegas on Friday.
Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in if they weigh no more than 10st 7lbs.
The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
Wladimir Klitschko is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Hillary Clinton flew from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C.
On the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.M. flight to the same destination.
The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach.
Stuart Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean.
Broad says it will be a great achievement for Jimmy Anderson to become England's leading wicket taker.
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park.
Pippa Middleton kicked up her workout gear with a pair of New Balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink.
The royal sister is preparing to take part in the 54-mile London to Brighton charity bike ride in June.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for.
The family, from Furness Vale, Derbyshire, posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Charlton's Frederic Bulot opened the scoring against Bolton.
Dane Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Hull KR.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the club as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday.
Williams had a 70-7 lead in winners but was unable to dictate play.
Next up was a potentially decisive doubles match against Flavia Pennetta.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman's Southampton.
The result had Koeman acknowledging that the Saints' unlikely march to the top four was over.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1.
Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a win at Burnley.
West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
Stretching for 27 km, the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery.
Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Miliband has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet back the teen behind it, saying 'Hi Abby - Delighted that you've joined Labour - welcome'
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season.
The 21-year-old has also attracted interest from Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid.
Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for the striker.
Dybala admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing.
The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her home on 18 March 1975.
Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway.
Both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered.
Mother Margaret Weedon described the murder 40 years ago as a 'true life sentence'
Detectives believe Lynda Farrow, who was knifed to death in 1979, was also a victim.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu.
The Spanish keeper has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons.
De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
But the 33-year-old claims he is willing to fight for the jersey he went on to make his own.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.
The menu recommends a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush, beetroot, pickled turnips, coleslaw, garlic parsley and tahini.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties.
He urged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, and the ingredients to make an explosive device, the Old Bailey was told.
Islam, who is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism, used 'cake' as code for bomb in his messages.
But failing to understand his ingenious ruse, Thomas replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b'
The court heard that Islam, from Manor Park, east London, used his friend to help assemble parts for a pipe bomb, including fireworks
Panda Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas, Yi Bao and Jin Xin.
Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes.
The moment was captured on video and shows Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
Land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition.
They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko.
Wood bison are North America’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours.
Pushing these sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in.
Incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi.
The boy was on top of a white car and yelling for help.
Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has revealed his colourful mouthpiece ahead of the bout.
Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 friendly win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has a population of 500,000.
It is a picturesque island with both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes, making it a haven for tourism.
Manchester United winger Nani is from Cape Verde and could have played for them instead of Portugal.
Gordon Robson, 26, was drinking at NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear.
He got into an argument with a friend of John Potts, 45, outside bar.
Robson punched Mr Potts in the back of the head so hard it made an 'audible crack'
Mr Potts' widow Sarah said his death had a 'devastating impact' on family.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
The dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris, flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis from Port Pirie has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour.
The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
Police allege the mother 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies and should focus on how they look.
England face Italy in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Tuesday night.
Roy Hodgson has named his starting line-up for the tournament.
Click here for all the latest England news.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Jim Jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on Jack Johnson, the first black heavyweight champion.
White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title.
After a frenzied campaign, Jeffries agreed to take the fight for what would equal £3m.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday.
Gallagher has not even been named in the Saints squad since Koeman's arrival.
The 19-year-old is hoping to help Saints end the Under-21 Premier League strongly.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested by police early on Sunday after she allegedly urinated in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City.
Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am.
She was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the Masters.
The world No 1 has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta.
McIlroy admits he will have to play the par fives better to have a chance of slipping on a green jacket.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks.
Police say MacDonald ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
When officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Labour leader Ed Miliband said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
He said rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'
But the launch of Labour's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by the news that the party's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is being investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled Stephen Lawrence murder probe.
The U.S. Census Bureau released updated figures online Tuesday.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014.
In 2012, that number was 94.9%.
For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year.
The 2012 figure was 46.5 percent.
Ludogorets defender Cosmin Moti made a kung-fu tackle on CSKA Sofia player Stefan Nikolic.
The defender connected cleanly with Nikolic's rib cage but the referee waved play on.
Moti saved two penalties during the Champions League play-off against Steaua Bucharest back in August.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback.
The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of.
Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut and Dairy Milk Whole Nut.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight next month.
Mayweather's chef reveals he gets a lot of his energy from sweets.
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart Corey Pier.
The Temecula, California woman began to show worsening symptoms like headaches, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later.
By October 2014, Reef would be dead.
Her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of Balamuthia mandrillaris.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes.
The Manchester United midfielder has taken part in a United Foundation event.
Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from Athletic Bilbao last summer.
Shearer said: 'There will never be another Scholes. He was a one off'
David Cameron and Boris Johnson slam SNP plans to prop up Labour.
London Mayor claims it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up M1'
SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station has been restored to its former glory.
Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year.
The art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in 1990s.
It became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman Harris K. Telemacher stopping to fill up with lover Sara McDowel prior to attending a fundraising event.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising, which saw 200 officers' raid seven properties on Saturday morning.
Three of the men were released by Victoria Police on Saturday evening.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years.
The bus became a celebrity, starring in 20-part BBC2 series 'The Reel History of Britain' and in 'George Clarke's Amazing Spaces'
But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus.
Prime Minister will appeal to small firms and the self-employed.
He said while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
Nakatani said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but, so far, they have not encountered visitors from space.
Edward Snowden claims British agents spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011.
Documents allege Britain was actively spying on the South American state.
There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims.
They include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government, it has been reported.
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog in August last year that was called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body'
The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
She was sentenced to probation after Tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head, arm and ear.
Witnesses said Fisher was emotionless after the death of her child.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later, Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed.
He contracted necrotising fasciitis, a serious rapidly spreading infection that results in death of tissue.
The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
The agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack.
We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs, entranced; the couple then dance around.
Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday.
The Mercedes driver won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Button has been training for the London Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata.
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday cooking stir-fried dishes.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
Ms Zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders after meeting in Chicago 50 years ago.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
But the 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year.
Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar and online music video network.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
The game is expected to launch
A mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It appears to work on a sensor system, ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it.
The video, after being uploaded to YouTube, has been met with mixed responses.
Rangi Chase could face a four to eight-match ban for dangerous tackle.
Half-back charged with making Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Salford went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday.
The Portuguese star has not been at his best this season.
Ronaldo is urging his fans to exercise and get fit.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
But after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor.
But Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool had no others to give him.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said: 'The minute that allegation was made by these kids I would have done something about it'
Matt Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City months ago.
It ended up in the ends of Li Hongjun in southeastern China.
He received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures.
The images ended up on Matt's iCloud because the phone had not been erased properly.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession.
She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Swansea City are interested in signing Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Gestede has scored 20 goals this season and is rated at £7million.
Anderlecht hitman Aleksandar Mitrovic and Club Brugge striker Obbi Oulare are also on Swans' wish-list.
Leicester City left-back Jeffrey Schlupp is also on the list.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Northampton.
Brentford face Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England.
Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since taking over at Turf Moor in October 2012.
The former Chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day.
The classes are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master.
Headmaster said he wanted to tackle the issue of obesity to stop the children developing health problems in later life, and becoming socially isolated.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
The 52-year-old free-climber climbed the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
Robert has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
Former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December.
Father-of-three suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, broken rib and broken knee.
The incident has left the 35-year-old with scars all over his body.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12.
Joe Hart and his team-mates have had 'a lot of honest conversations'
City are currently fourth in the Premier League, 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at three times the size of his peers.
The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire.
Despite his remarkable size, his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars.
But Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye.
True, their marriage had ended in divorce, but they had a daughter together.
Hatch was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory, who today accuses the composer of breaking his wife's heart.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with the club.
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'
Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at Portman Road.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms'
'As if the Sherlock hiatus wasn't bad enough... experiencing #Poldark withdrawal symptoms already,' tweeted fan Mihaela Doaga within minutes of the closing credits.
The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives.
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory.
David Edwards, the substitute, headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable game.
Pre-match results had offered Wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone, with Brentford and Ipswich Town dropping points unexpectedly.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
The court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers have sought a constitutional court review.
Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed.
Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
The Jordan Chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than $40 million.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Former Barcelona defender Eric Abidal believes the current crop are on their way.
Abidal was part of Pep Guardiola's brilliant Barcelona team that won six trophies in 2009.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the semi-final.
Teachers are helping pupils cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.
Details of unethical techniques emerged at Teacher Ethics In Assessment symposium at Oxford University.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana Monday, and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested.
Marc is alleged to have threatened to kill a police officer while in custody, according to a separate police report.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house in Miami to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Police claim that Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded in the
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a BP gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
They attacked Orden Williams Jr. and his baby, who was also almost hit by the teens.
Police arrested 19-year-old Joe Brittman, who has been charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was found hanged inside his Miami home on Easter Sunday morning.
Brandt had been suffering from extreme depression for just 10 days.
His psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become worried for Brandt's state of mind and ordered him to stay with him.
She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions.
The news that Brandt had descended into severe suicidal depression only very recently comes after claims that the 'Baron of Botox' killed himself after a 'bullying' TV series aired on Netflix.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He was also booked for driving without headlights.
Silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday.
Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song.
The 46-year-old then caused part of Aberdeen Airport to be evacuated.
Leonard also deliberately set off the fire alarm on arrival in Aberdeen.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters.
Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round.
Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
Courses, such as TPC Sawgrass, also affect how your shots are played.
Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state celebrate the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War.
Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
Research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of foods.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles, while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona, Spain, scented meringue comes with a commentary describing Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi in action.
The so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine, helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more, if served alongside the right music.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
She added that her son's life could be forever changed by what happened and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills.
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in Hyde Park on a day off.
He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt with no fewer than four water bottles.
The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Kintec, a Canadian sports retailer.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room when thugs began pelting their front window with stones.
One brick smashed the glass and Mr Young opened his front door to confront them.
He was hit in his left eye by another brick but doctors could not save his eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Attack occurred just three weeks after the couple, who have no children, got married.
Marin Cilic was eliminated in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic beat Cilic 6-4, 6- 4.
Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal.
Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling for fitness.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60.
Menendez helped Melgen get visas for married Melgen's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to Florida to live in one of his homes.
According to an indictment unsealed this month, Menendez helped donor Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian actress Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svit
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture images of the landmarks.
He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river.
Prout's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle.
The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Giorgio Armani, 80, has made a name for himself putting A-listers in his creations.
But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes.
In an interview with The Sunday Times, the Milan-born designer said he disapproved of women who resort to breast enlargements and men who work out too much.
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.
Footballer Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before passing out.
Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Sterling's boyhood coach Paul Lawrence said: 'He has got to be a lot more careful with what he is doing out in public'
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
£995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf, complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware.
All of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM.
Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season.
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco in their quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
The Italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio in Serie A.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as car approaches, it hits what appears to be roadside bomb, catapulting vehicle 100ft.
Vehicle explodes like a firework, either due to explosives or fuel tank igniting.
What's left of the car drops back down into cloud of smoke that has billowed up.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old hopes to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Phillips hopes to reclaim the world title he won in Auckland two years ago at this year's World Championships in Belgium in July.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
The doctor has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission (HCCC) for her conduct between August 2007 and August 2009.
Dr Epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients.
Some patients receiving these medications, such as bodybuilders and bouncers, had a history of abusing such substances.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.
Briony Ingerson posted the image from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago.
She wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!'
On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm.
The issue was flagged by journalism student Ahmed Yussuf who complained
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
He scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday.
Kardashian family are in Armenia on an eight-day visit to the country of her late father's birth.
The celebrity visitors are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
Yerevan's Zvartnots International Airport is well connected to major centres throughout Europe although cheaper flights from London require a transfer.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days earlier.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa is the leading contender for the award.
Sergio Aguero has struggled with fitness and has only managed to score three times in the league in 2015.
Incident happened in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.
Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter.
It's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Real Madrid are appealing the yellow card for their star forward.
Motherwell are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Rangers and Hibernian.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
But a bid by the league board to force play-offs finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of Â£15 was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur Championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015.
But the Scot admits he may turn professional before September's clash with the United States at Royal Lytham.
McIlroy impressed the Scot during their practice round together at Augusta on Monday.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures.
Jose Mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle.
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Steve Bruce’s players were so lethargic, disinterested almost, in the first half against a side with nothing tangible to play for.
Gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick before half-time to capitalise on some poor Hull defending.
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Hillary Clinton announced she was running.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore, Maryland.
At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post.
Adam Gemili says he is nowhere near Usain Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon.
Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
Allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base.
It is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon.
Cousin of alleged victim told Southwark Crown Court that she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Barcelona had taken a 4-1 aggregate lead at the Nou Camp.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi were also impressive in the first half.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note.
The letter praised the employee for'sensibly staying home from work'
The note has been shared thousands of times on Reddit.
Commenters were outraged, with one saying: 'We're grown a** people'
Rory McIlroy played golf from a young age and always admired Tiger Woods.
The world No 1 is favourite to win the Masters and complete a career Grand Slam.
Woods is one of only five players to have won the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open.
McIlroy revealed he sent Tiger a letter saying he was 'coming to get' him.
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, was diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather.
The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop - but then languished for another six hours, before everybody was ordered off anyway.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
Cook and Trott scored 231 against New Zealand in Dunedin in March 2013.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month's Test series.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest heard how her parents struggled to treat her condition.
Doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that she refused to accept she had mental health problems.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness.
Christine Lagarde and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived - it used to be a girly but is now considered an appropriate shade to wear to a business meeting.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket.
But Jermaine Blackwood slashed short delivery straight to Alastair Cook.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
The decision was overturned by the umpire.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League.
Dyche insists it's unfair to pin the club's survival hopes on one man.
A photo of a New York resident whose name is Beyoncé has gone viral on Facebook.
The photo was taken by photographer Brandon Stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories.
As well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School.
A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper' 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program on Monday in hopes of having the charges against her dropped.
If she meets all the conditions and successfully completes the diversion program, all charges will be dropped and her criminal record will be expunged.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine.
Australian pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad.
Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, says she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said it is 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan said: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing a man in 1995 she claims raped her.
She says Van intimidated her into identifying the murder victim, Gonzalo Ramirez.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend.
Stars wore bizarre outfits, including mesh maxi dresses, skintight leggings and leotards.
But a few stars' dubious style still managed to stand out.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down.
It caused the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury, and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database.
The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine.
It hopes the collection of DNA samples would fit well with new national laws requiring all owners in Britain to microchip their dogs by April next year.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium.
Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area'
He shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.
The father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible.
It is McGill's first World Championship and it had already been one to remember.
McGill had beaten fellow Glaswegian and sometime practice partner Stephen Maguire 10-9 in the opening round.
The 24-year-old has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate, Manchester.
She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10.
Instead of Sweet Kisses, staff had placed two Sex on the Beach cocktails.
Ms Dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version.
Amanda Lamb stars in new fragrance campaign for Air Wick.
The 42-year-old says simple touches can enhance a home.
Says one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with fragrance.
Chris O'Dowd expressed his frustration with staff at Gatwick Airport.
The Bridesmaids star tweeted: 'Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird, but not me!'
The incident occurred a day after he and his wife, Dawn, attended an event in London.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980.
More than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in California history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row and kept up the pressure on Chelsea.
The Gunners face Chelsea in their next home game at the Emirates.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
Captain Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies.
The tourists, chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012, were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Jason Holder's unbeaten 103 earned the hosts 350 for seven.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest.
She became the youngest player to appear in the U.S Women's Open aged 12.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
It is the first time a pro golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover.
Kecil the orangutan was rejected by his natural mother and another surrogate mother at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie.
Maggie, 53, has raised Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Maj-Gen Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode four months ago.
Former servicemen have hit out at MoD over its continuing use of Lariam.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
Eagles boss Alan Pardew believes the striker has a 'bionic' knee.
Murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament.
Smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17.
The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire.
Less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they
QPR manager Chris Ramsey believes they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York.
The blog aims to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry.
Steven Thompson speared John McGinn with a training ground pole.
The Scotland Under 21 striker is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season.
Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle with battlements and cannons.
He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit loophole that prevents enforcement action against structure if no objections have been made for at least four years.
But the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down within 90 days.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault.
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
She is charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano.
The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired'
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the 63-year-old's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon.
The home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished.
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
She faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud has died aged 84 from skin cancer.
Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series.
David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie’s wonderful cricket commentary’, while his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott called it ‘a sad day for Australia’
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at Augusta.
Spieth was presented with his green jacket by last year's Masters champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval - tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.
Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight.
But he pretended that also wanted to break up and texted her back: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy'
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
'Of course you have the urge. You're a human being,' said Jim Keady, who Christie famously told to'sit down and shut up' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm Sandy funds.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
Boyd has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen.
The journey from Turf Moor to Selhurst would usually take 69 hours.
This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs.
The game, which dates back to Australia's goldfields, made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game.
Former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee Rurik Jutting faces life in prison if convicted of the grisly murders of two women.
Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead.
Jutting, 30, returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader was seen smiling on the top at sunrise.
He then visited troops at the mountain's base, telling them the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'
This is just the latest of Kim Jong-Il's publicity stunts published in state media.
The SEC announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Tabitha Bennett allegedly set up a fight between her daughter and a 14-year-old girl in New Port Richey, Florida.
She allegedly drove her daughter to meet her and encouraged them to fight.
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones.
Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Ibrahim Anderson, 38, deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing dark grey Islamic dress with a grey cardigan, while elderly-looking Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
The court heard how the leaflets handed out related to ISIS.
Aristocrat Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein is 27 years younger than the former Spanish king.
Claims they were 'a couple, pure and simple', according to new book.
Juan Carlos was so smitten with her he considered divorcing his wife Sofia.
Alleged affair ended in 2014 when he abdicated in favour of his son Felipe.
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne made requests to guests.
They included a live-in tailor, two grand pianos and a horse and carriage.
And they were all fulfilled, the firm told MailOnline.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 after CPS dropped prosecution against him.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages.
His solicitor Peter Garsden said suing'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'
The Crown Princess was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
Mary was met by representatives of the Danish military and attended a service.
The 43-year-old wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons, embellished with a brooch.
Jaye Cox and her husband, Matthew, delivered their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
The Cox's contacted Angel Gowns, a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned Wednesday on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two children.
Authorities say he strangled his wife, Christine, 37, and the children, Celeste, 2, and Timothy, 8, to death with a USB cord.
The bodies were found Monday evening at the family's home in Eastpointe, Michigan.
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Steelcase's Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being part of an open office community.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva missed all three trips to the national stadium in 2012.
The midfielder is hoping to play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
Bernard, 53, is also the first gay man to hold the position, nor did it explain why he was leaving.
French coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway.
He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby.
Terrified customers were said to have clung onto their seats as the driver slowly shunted forward and back.
Actor Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career.
He is a keen military historian and expert on medieval longbow.
Hand-painted limewood diorama depicted progress of Battle of Agincourt in 3D.
Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital.
His parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
The family said the stroke was in the back of young Jerry's brain, where strokes apparently do less damage.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his neighbour Terrence Freebody in 2012.
Costa was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse.
The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's state of mind can be proven.
Stacey Eden stood up for Muslim woman and her partner on a Sydney train.
The 23-year-old recorded the racially-charged rant on her mobile phone.
She rushed to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Police are urging witnesses to come forward.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University last week after she refused to return a flag trampled on by protesters.
Police traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration.
They issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus.
University administrators faced a backlash after Manhart was issued a criminal trespass warning, essentially banning her from campus.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting'
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
The property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country and has been preserved to maintain its 1880s facade.
Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property is set over 2,542sq ft and has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cellar.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club.
But well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She claims she was arrested because she refused to pay a £70 fine.
The beach is popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
But police insist she was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car.
He has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard and is refusing to pay the fine.
Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences and urged Mr Haste to appeal.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune on New Zealand's west coast, in March 2013.
He and his wife Rosanna, 29, and their three children have lived in the commune for two years.
The couple watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the 'wicked' outside world.
After their departure, the family were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by New Zealand churches in Christchurch and Timaru.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Kimmel resisted arrest, saying, 'I didn't do s***, I was just riding my horse'
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk.
He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal.
Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering.
The dog had a history of biting people and Dixon had decided to kill the animal after it bit a woman, following a party at Ms Hamer's home.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for the defeat.
The 72-year-old medical professional said 'the bond of trust is damaged'
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned.
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday, tripling African-American representation in the St. Louis suburb where poor race relations have been a focal point since the August shooting death of an 18-year-old black by a white police officer.
It was the first municipal election in Ferguson since officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, on Aug. 9.
This just over one month after the Department of Justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city.
Michael Owen said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's goal was worthy of Goal of the Season.
The former England striker sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport.
The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for a flight to Lanzarote.
Security officers were described as 'over-zealous' by the boy's father.
Mr Hayward said: 'No wonder it was taking so long if they wanted to pat down every little kid'
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for Britain.
33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive' on the subject of the economy, which lies at the heart of each party's campaign.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for humans.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on the Spanish version of The Voice when he belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement.
He claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old and had always wanted to be a musical artist.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent.
The unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
Keshwa Chaca is 90ft long and stretches over the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas.
In the ancient Inca kingdom, the wheel was yet to be invented, iron was foreign and steel was unheard of.
The bridges were an integral part of the incredible Inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad.
It also includes an extra vegetable and a glass of wine.
These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly.
Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform.
He proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on Facebook.
The image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man's footsteps.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
The couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery.
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is believed to be a target for Inter Milan.
Roberto Mancini is keen on Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio says: 'Dreams are beautiful'
Jean Pockett is one of 10 war widows brought to Gallipoli by the Department of Veteran's Affairs for Anzac Day this Saturday.
She is the widow of a soldier who fought with Australian forces on the Western Front during the First World War.
Her husband, Private Arthur Pocket, lost both legs as a result of his wounds at Passchendaele.
Mrs Pocketts is deeply involved in the War Widows Guild of Queensland and volunteers at hospitals.
The 86-year-old is paying tribute to her late husband who served in France in 1917.
Maria McErlane visited The Datai in Langkawi, Malaysia.
The hotel has all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City.
It was designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Juventus are nine points behind Lazio with seven games remaining.
Napoli take on relegation-threatened Cagliari in Sardinia.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Liverpool remain in the frame for James Milner and Danny Ings.
Google has announced a new tool that locates phones simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome.
The same Google account must be signed into on the phone - although this hasn't been confirmed.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37,'suffered from post-natal depression'
She allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, their six-week-old baby and daughter.
Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing the couple.
But police now believe Mrs Friman to be the culprit.
Perez Friman is said to have suffered 'psychotic incident' as a result of depression.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern twice in the second and third rounds.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
The 37-year-old admitted he was not at his best on Saturday night.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options.
The new menu contains five new food options, including two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-Calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calor chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-caloric steak and cheese wrap.
Obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic, accounting for a $150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually
Jailed millionaire Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22.
Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
His lawyers say those convictions don't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law.
Stuart McCall says Lee McCulloch apologised to him and Rangers players.
McCulloch was shown a straight red card for fouling Osman Sow.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship at Ibrox.
David Howman, director general of WADA, said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
'Having reflected upon your request to meet with me, it is apparent that it is a situation where little, if anything, can be gained from such a meeting,' Howman wrote Armstrong.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Seamus Coleman was adjudged to have been fouled by Marvin Emnes.
Roberto Martinez felt Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
The Everton manager said Michael Oliver should have risen above the appeals from the Swansea faithful.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father Curtis Martin is half Jamaican, while their mother is white.
This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater.
One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Another house was seen floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto went through to the last eight.
The Portuguese side are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Lopetegui has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello.
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open.
Nadal was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court.
Defending champion Kei Nishikori beat Santiago Giraldo in straight sets.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
He will no longer be No 81 having been given his prison number: W106228.
Hernandez was a heavy drinker and would often down cocktails and champagne on nights out with his hangers on, picking up large bar bills and doing his best to impress women with his celebrity status.
The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs.
Three-bedroom flat in exclusive Egerton Place, London, is on the market for £575,000.
The property has just three years left on the lease and costs £191,000 per year.
But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, it could be worth upwards of £6 million.
Property boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a reception room and utility room.
It is one of two maisonettes being sold  with three years remaining on lease.
Estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on market.
Joe Root is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies.
England captain Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Root is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings.
Hillary Clinton's armored Chevy van stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle.
Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.
Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
But they were marooned on island for up to two weeks after their ID was stolen.
Mrs Craig, 37, has Jamaican passport but has not yet been given permission to live here permanently.
She claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return to the UK but that Ryanair refused to fly her home anyway.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid.
The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina.
Mahina, 37, from Byron Bay in New South Wales, created the flippers in the shape of a  mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs.
This could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
It has sparked a war of words between the Waqf, the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, and Israeli archaeological authorities.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose tointerpret it in another way'
Launching a rare attack from his official White
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half - if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day, as well as taking hormone drug tamoxifen.
The drug kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
Previous studies have found that drinking coffee could reduce the risk of cancer in heavy drinkers.
Bafetimbi Gomis opened the scoring for Hull with a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for the visitors five minutes into the second half.
Gomis doubled the home side's lead in the 37th minute when he slotted past Lukasz Fabianski from just four yards out.
Hull defender David Meyler was sent off in the 53rd minute for a foul on Kyle Naughton.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters.
World No 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th.
McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles at Augusta National.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.
Coco was seized by police on veterinary advice and placed in RSPCA care.
James Houlder fell ill at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh.
The 30-year-old has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)
His partner Vicki Hood has also been plagued by sickness including kidney infection.
Mr Houlder says he was offered a £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology.
First Choice has now launched a civil case against the travel company.
Former PM made appearance at private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting speech instead to his own achievements.
He shared stage with musician Steve Brookstein, whose career sank even faster than Blair’s popularity.
Four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino turned on one another around 10pm.
Video shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
The unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air.
Ukip says schoolchildren are being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party says it is designed to 'catch them young' and 'feed them propaganda'
Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy.
Ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier and warned under-18s should not be allowed a say.
Alec Stewart is keen to hear more about the role of England cricket director.
The Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval.
Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the role.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his Test wickets record.
The Lancashire seamer took four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday.
Anderson is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January.
He left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
But he claimed from the witness stand that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which his companion Terry Carter, 55, was killed.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Sloan said: 'I don't want it to get misconstrued that I told
Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after FC Rostov's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night.
The 23-year-old got down on one knee to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him.
With his team-mates watching on and a camera in place to capture the moment on film, the Russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.
Police alleged the 31-year-old mother used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
In February, Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
Ms Edmunds went into hiding after revelations of
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool.
The Australian retail giant have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.
PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers, including David Jones, Myer, Sportsgirl, General Pants Co, and Jeanswest, to stop selling angora.
They revealed the horrific treatment of rabbits on angora farms in China, where workers rip the fur from live rabbits' skin.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters financial data of 15,000 people.
The second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached the rules on the sale of private data.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food.
The research was published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism.
Joe Root beats Sachin to 2,000 Test runs.
Root reached milestone aged 24 years, 115 days.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker.
Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series.
Andres Iniesta played a pivotal role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The Barcelona No 8 set up Neymar for the opening goal at the Camp Nou.
Iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form this season.
Barcelona face Espanyol in the Copa del Rey final on May 30.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday.
The Owls had trailed to a Kieran Lee header before Yann Kermorgant levelled for the Cherries.
Simon Francis was sent off for Bournemouth in the second half.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
It is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Rangers skipper Lee McCulloch was booed for an error against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they spent seven months renovating the home.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The winger has been linked with Real Madrid, Bayern Munich and Arsenal.
Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League and Blackburn in the FA Cup.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
The highly-anticipated blockbuster saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds.
Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Gladys Knight.
Knight is best known for singing hits such as 'Midnight Train To Georgia'
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman appeared to blame scandal on 'institutional racism'
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism in East London borough.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
The two men – who are not related – are both members of the Tower Hamlets First party.
The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase.
Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital.
One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend, who is trapped inside.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski.
The 73-year-old has knitted a royal blue scarf for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley.
She believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son-in-law.
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady'
She became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs.
Vox Populi Registry Ltd. began accepting registrations using '.sucks' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants.
Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from.porn' and.adult domains attacking her.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars.
Customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old actress, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York's food banks.
Gwyneth posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon, showcasing a range of healthy options.
Javier Hernandez scored Real Madrid's late winner against Atletico Madrid.
The on-loan striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner.
Thierry Henry feels the forward owes all the credit to his team-mate.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31.
The 17-year-olds from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
Hammaad Munshi was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 in 2006.
He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
Both families have reported the boys missing to police but British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home.
When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.
But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption.
The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
Mrs Secker collapsed in her home in December and died a few days later.
Scientists from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.
Their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.
The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a study co-author's finger.
Former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
On Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves.
In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair showed off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move.
It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
Ice-melt has revealed the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake, before organisms like plankton conceal them once more.
Images were taken by the U.S. Coast Guard during a routine helicopter patrol over the lake, which is home to dozens of shipwrecks.
The James McBride ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857, and its remains now lie in 15 feet of water near Sleeping Bear Point.
Brian Stow was attacked outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011.
The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months.
Two men jumped and punched him until he fell to the ground.
They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic until he was unconscious.
Mr Stow has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season.
Los Angeles Superior Court awarded Mr Stow and his family $18 million.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He told them to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' during 2011 trip.
But Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay fine.
Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty.
Ben Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday.
Flower was the first player to be sent off in a Grand Final.
The 28-year-old was handed a six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'
Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long enforced pre-season.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from Twitter last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by jihadis to issue threats of violence.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe.
It costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
The grips mean that the tool doesn't get slippery in the sweatiest situations.
Ventus X was designed with a new coating that gives full comfort while in gameplay.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath.
He jumped out of a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago.
Mr Young mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner'
Mr Hicks' family took Mr Young to the High Court where he was ordered to pay compensation.
The exact amount of compensation is yet to be decided but is set to be around 50 per cent of what the family had requested and thought to be 'hundreds of thousands'
Number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance fell by 20,700 in March.
UK's unemployment rate is now 5.6%, down from 7.9% in May 2010.
Nicola Sturgeon warned Ed Miliband is not'strong enough' to win the election alone.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier ruled out for rest of season.
Meier tops Bundesliga scoring charts with 19 goals.
Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski also out.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club.
North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face-off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm.
Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs.
Late last night, a ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute.
Mick Tabone, 74, owned and ran Johnstone River Crocodile Farm and zoo in far-north Queensland.
The farmer first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
Mr Tabone would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
The Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.
Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson, who lies 55 places below him in the rankings.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
It is the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was sent crashing face-first into the concrete.
Cyclist fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband.
Social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, according to a survey conducted by the ITV breakfast show.
Susanna Reid, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
The Magpies remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points.
But the sides below them have been eating into their cushion.
John Carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
Scottish government figures show 205 seals were killed in Scottish waters last year.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
His brother David said: 'He was one of the fittest men I've ever met'
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia before their 2007 split.
The children are reportedly set to join the family in Sydney as they rally around David's second wife Prue Fisher, who he married in Palm Beach in 2011.
Steven Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Robbie Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to focus on him.
Fowler believes Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game.
The 34-year-old will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge until the summer of 2016.
Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
Mackenzi Miller, 21, of Apopka, Florida, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann.
Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30pm.
As they were arguing in the street, Miller allegedly struck both of them with her vehicle, injuring Pedroza and killing
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, creates gruesome injuries using special effects.
Her gory Instagram profile has attracted almost 3,000 followers.
She says that her busiest time of year is Halloween... unsurprisingly.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The 29-year-old joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010.
Tierney was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to injury.
Sharon Freundel gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.
In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom.
The 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February.
He is set to be sentenced in May.
Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report.
Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor, as had been widely reported, but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
Bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Elizabeth Stewart and Cristina Elrich have all made the top 10 in Hollywood Reporter's Power Stylists list.
Elrich also styles Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Girls star Allison Williams.
Watts' longtime stylist Jeannan Williams also makes the list at number nine.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
Evans faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying.
The 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory.
The 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint.
Plunkett is fighting for a place with Chris Jordan and Mark Wood.
Gang dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk.
Police say it is the worst case of flytipping they have seen in 28 years.
It will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'
The seven players involved in the game at St George's Park jump around in a celebratory huddle.
Chelsea can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories.
Frances Bean Cobain has revealed she's not a big fan of her late father Kurt's music.
Speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
The 22-year-old lost her dad to suicide when she was just 20 months old.
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out.
When we cook at home the majority of us (55%) rely on burgers or mince.
The supermarket's study also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965.
She managed to reclaim some of the money but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market.
Around 250 men and women from the Light Dragoons marched through the town of Dereham for the final time today.
They were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags, who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure.
The regiment will leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in Catterick, North Yorkshire.
Paige VanZant defeated Felice Herrig in New Jersey.
The 21-year-old is one of the few athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy.
Landon is now a lecturer in communications at RMIT University in former Saigon, renamed Ho Chi Minh City after the war.
Pictures taken by the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the East German state.
They were used as evidence in show trials against those caught trying to escape.
Also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house that featured in classic 1970s TV series.
Great-grandmother-of-five has resided at Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
She believes she is more like Barbara Good than Mrs Leadbetter because she is a keen gardener.
Ms Elkan plans to vote for Nick Hurd, incumbent Conservative MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner, on May 7.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Serie A leaders.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken.
Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona against Valencia.
Barcelona stay in first place and keep their two-point lead over Real Madrid.
Matej Vydra opened the scoring for Watford in the 26th minute.
Adlene Guedioura doubled the lead shortly after the break.
Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the hosts, who had an early penalty shout turned down.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
The anonymous artists spent six months and $30,000 working on the life-like effigy of the former NSA whistle-blower.
Snowden has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Stuart McCall has led Rangers to three successive wins in the Scottish Championship.
The Rangers boss has warned Lee McCulloch he is not 'undroppable'
McColloch was sent off for elbow on Osman Sow in 2-1 win over Hearts.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue' sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water'
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he saw the snake.
The pensioner scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world's most recognised commentators.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since a stress-related illness.
The batsman has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions.
Dr Steve Peters says there is no magic cure for Trott's problems.
Prime Minister ate hotdog with cutlery during a campaign visit to Poole.
He was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine in Dorset.
Cameron has a chequered history with hotdogs, including in 2010.
Old Etonian insists he will not change the way he acts or speaks.
The 'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded the 1929 vote the 'flapper election'
With just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds.
Portland Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song for the richest fight of all time.
Pacquiao thanked Kimmel on Twitter and in a video.
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
The emotional reunion was caught on camera, with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon.
The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
While the author and recipient remain a mystery, the creation behind the message was Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims.
The complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons of the Air Force.
One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev found guilty of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
The 21-year-old kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the US for its wars in Muslim countries.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
Tax specialist from Birmingham, West Midlands, was pronounced dead at the scene.
He was found on third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel near Rockefeller Center.
It is understood he had been on a business trip when he fell.
NYPD said they were treating death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina has been viewed more than half a million times online.
The video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
Social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the Bogged Facebook page.
A man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
He was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and that the show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
Elli's show was the first time Gemma Ward has walked at MBFWA since before her six-year hiatus from modeling.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels, so researchers have been searching for an alternative source.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years.
He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days, one quicker than the previous record.
Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide.
He has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car.
The Husky is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
The last of the riders went through the barrier in northern France about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing.
SNCF have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached.
One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down.
John Degenkolb, winner of the race famed for its 26 sections of bone-jarring cobbled roads, won the race.
Kevin Pietersen posed for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new county championship season.
Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood.
The batsman joked with photographers at the KIA Oval for the photo session, with Surrey set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Dr Sarah Wollaston, the outgoing Tory chairman of the Commons health select committee, last night called for Mr Hornby to step down.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics.
He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the men's +100kg event.
His wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him'
Mr Keita claims his coaches told him he had lost the fight 'like a baby'
He is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity in Stoke-on-Trent.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
The Juventus goalkeeper has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
Here, Buffon explains why they've all made his dream side.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes, Dom Perignon Champagne for non-Muslim guests, a non-alcoholic sparkling date drink for Muslim guests, and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered.
Figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
Dorset coroner Sheriff Payne said pressurised air tainted with jet fuel is risking the lives of everyone travelling on planes.
A poll by YouGov has revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK, with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent.
Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent, and Elizabeth and Victoria tying at 12 per cent in terms of popularity.
While Brits believe the second child should also prioritise having a job, Americans feel that the next priority should be raising money for charity.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
Gittoes, born in southern Sydney, has chronicled conflicts in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East through painting, photography and film.
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
U.N. reports at least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards each other on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight.
Jaclyn tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too 'unattractive' for her.
Ryan admits that he has a side of himself that'sometimes isn't too pleasant'
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo.
Hayatou said: 'Africa is comfortable having you. Africa stays with you'
All 54 of the 209 FIFA member countries eligible to vote in the presidential election in Zurich on May 29.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
In the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far.
EasyJet has seen a 19% rise in delays.
Trevor Vale posted a five-minute video on his social media account on Tuesday.
The Geelong man was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne.
He became frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs.
Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country.
A Royal Night Out, released next month, will coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, is first cousin to the Queen and her best friend.
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of her grandchildren's names on her leg.
But it quickly became infected and she was in agony and couldn't walk.
She was rushed to A&E and had emergency surgery to stop infection spreading.
Was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill.
She received a kidney March 26 thanks to his generosity.
Eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants on the day of Neyen's transplant.
Noelle Baynham's dogs started to eat her remains after being locked in house.
The 61-year-old from Winchester, Hampshire, collapsed and died.
Pathologist could not determine cause of death because dogs ate organs.
Coroner ruled there was no evidence of suicide or accidental fall.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years.
But when it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet on the
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich.
In fact, it was largely founded as a Nazi camp where the children in the German American Bund could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics.
Today, Yaphank is still a town on Long Island.
The cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Alternatively, those who do not have a cat can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room.
All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will be in charge of nursery.
Pippa Middleton, 31, is a regular visitor to Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall.
Carole has a central role in Kate's life and was among first to meet Prince George.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
The feature is located on the surface of the moon's near side characterised by low elevations and numerous ancient volcanic plains.
Nasa's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on Mars by the 2030s.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000.
The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women.
Last year, the award went to The Washington Post and The Guardian for their coverage of National Security Agency documents leaked by Edward J. Snowden.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met Ivan Loncsarevity at hinge factory in Essex.
He struggled to make small talk when he met 62-year-old Hungarian.
Mr Farage is touring the country hoping to show how Britain can cope without Europe.
But the Ukip leader's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion.
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
The couple's £10m Berkshire mansion will undergo renovations including the addition of a cinema and swimming pool.
Property insider Ben Hubbard, an asset manager at OracleAMG, said: 'Cinemas are often situated in the basement of a dwelling because there is no need for natural light'
Yaakov Naumi, 32, was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school.
He has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images.
One of the most striking images in the series is that of a rabbi dancing the'mitzvah tantz' at a wedding.
According to the Jewish holy Torah, touching a woman you’re not married to is prohibited.
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
So far 28 victims have been identified from Queensland, NSW and Victoria.
The Queen rode her filly Ring of Truth in the Maiden Stakes at Newbury.
The 88-year-old monarch appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box.
Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner.
Mike Ashley has bought a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club in the north east.
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values'
Wade, 23, did not attend the Matt Hampson Foundation fundraiser.
The event was named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop.
Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the 'Beers with the Boys' night in Birmingham.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Findings suggest women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott failed to make a century in the first Test.
Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century.
Trott was very much in the mould of South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis.
But Cook has to score runs against the moving ball now if he is to prolong his Test career.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round.
He had a cut in his left eye early in the second.
Provodnikov admitted that he was better than him on the day in the majority decision win.
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
The Brazilian has been substituted or named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday.
The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and converted all three on a trip in Brazil.
Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
Schofield is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting.
two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world.
famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264.
Others.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on.
whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for.
his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015.
marathon takes place.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development.
Archway asked a judge to quash Communities Secretary Eric Pickles' decision to confirm the CPO on the grounds that it was 'unlawful and invalid'
Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane on Saturday afternoon.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Tesco Finest Apple & Cinnamon Hot Cross Buns cost £1.50 for four.
M&S Toffee Fudge & Belgian Chocolate Hot Cross buns cost $1.60.
Fortnum & Mason Sir Nigel’s Marmalade Hot Cross Bun costs £5.95.
Andy Jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer.
He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London.
Reality TV star also co-owns a surf school in Devon, where he is an instructor.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop.
When he tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
In the video, he said in a thick Maine accent: 'You look at me. I am stuck in this cah. 'I'm getting hydrophobic'
Leslie Cooper, 36, will be charged over the suspected murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
A second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder him.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut on Wednesday when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure.
As an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness, and three lost consciousness, the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes.
Despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya.
She failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days.
The 13-year-old wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
She added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage 'whichever way possible'
Peter Alliss, 84, has said legislation designed to stop clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
The bird is one of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine.
Film is co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Despite freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman, 48, were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and 43-year old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw, but so far only Mrs's death has been classified as a homicide.
Police also confirmed that they had been called to the home before for domestic issues.
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout'
The post was accompanied by the caption: 'Even a nasty bug like me can sense it's been a sad week for our great country. Enjoy this Sunday with your family. It's precious'
A spokeswoman for the company said the post has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused.
The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent.
But bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats.
The betting market is pointing to another hung Parliament but with the Tories as the largest party.
British designer Gavin Munro grows trees into specially-designed plastic moulds.
He prunes and guides the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
The 93-year-old faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi lost 49 family members in the Holocaust.
She said seeing Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez’s Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2 to be interviewed at Universal Studios.
Just that morning Pac-Man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his Los Angeles base.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year.
London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs.
Scotland as a whole has seen an explosion in the ant population in the last four years.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
One result has been a coziness with the U.S. government's executive branch that few other companies can match – marked by access for lobbyists, mentions in nearly half of Obama's State of the Union addresses.
Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
West was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her third husband while he was sleeping.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013.
Decades before, in 1985, Colleen shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Porto striker Ricardo Quaresma gave his side an early 1-0 lead with a penalty after just three minutes.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brought down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty.
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts on his website.
There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (£321)
Fans can also buy a shirt in the colours black or white.
Gunfights broke out and.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a.
leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.
On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes who wastransferred to Mexico City.
Authorities said the situation was brought under control by late afternoon.
David Curry was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth, Northumberland.
The 49-year-old was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 Adidas trousers.
Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, study finds.
This increases the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age, it adds.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, reduced heart disease risk factors and better memory and thinking.
Michelle Williams, Kelly Rowland and Beyonce performed together at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's Child.
Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team, says Saracens flanker.
Burger will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
The 31-year-old will need a full knee replacement in the not-too-distant future.
Claudia Alende, 21, launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
Claims she has'revealed who she truly is' by posting racy picture on Good Friday.
Image was accompanied with a prayer which read: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Miss Alende claims she was also asked to do the photoshoot but refused 'out of respect for God and for my family'
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
Police say they discovered he'd been fooling a pre-teen girl into sending him inappropriate photos of herself by posing as a young girl on social media.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Doctors have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972.
He was 30 years old at the time and claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
The parole board cited those accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in March last year.
Gov. Jerry Brown rejected that decision in August, saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings and Davis'
Robbie Fowler has named his Legends XI for his 40th birthday.
The former Liverpool, Leeds and Manchester City striker has scored 162 Premier League goals.
Fowler has picked five players who featured during his era.
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, tipped the scales at 70st at his heaviest.
He lost 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin.
Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
Mr Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
The claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
Ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation.
It is being built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
Murray met Berdycher at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Fitness trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray to join the Czech powerhouse's team.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Blues striker lasted just over 10 minutes before pulling up.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 2-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the hosts.
Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui says they can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car.
Footage showing Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him was released to the media on Thursday.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past.
She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to University Medical Center where she died.
PETA released a disturbing campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep.
The gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist Jona Weinhofen holding a severed lamb alongside the words, 'here's the rest of your wool coat'
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in Sydney in early April 1975.
The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared.
Marian had only been living in Australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to Matravill High School with her friend Tanya Davenport.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents.
According to data released by the Ministry of Defence, some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun.
Libby Jane Wilson was playing in a tunnel when she was pounced on.
The Jack Russell was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control.
She was left with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye.
Her father, Alex Knight, heard her screaming and kicked the dog away.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings against their arch-rivals.
John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win against the Magpies.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20-45 years in jail for killing Francesca Weatherhead.
Mrs Weatherhead, 25, was killed when he collided with her vehicle while fleeing police.
The crash at an intersection in Redford, Detroit, flipped Mrs Weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year.
McCallum had first been eligible for parole in September 2013 but was held longer because authorities thought he needed to complete a violence prevention program.
He was released just months later after the Michigan Department of Corrections decided he successfully passed the program.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.
At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and an American Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor.
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
Froch pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night.
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £500,000 per year.
The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Cheshire, reached almost 20st after snacking on junk food.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
But after ditching the snacks she has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st.
Says her break through moment came when she couldn't fit into their largest dress.
Juventus have made an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for Paulo Dybala.
The Palermo striker has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Manchester United.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday.
Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
Cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
PomeGreat ‘Super Juice’ had 12.1g - more than the amount in a can of Coca-Cola.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times at the world championships.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped on The Underground.
The woman is hounded by an increasingly persistent male, who looks her up and down.
Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
Aldi increased its share of premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of the lucrative market, which has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £490million.
The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent.
Rory McIlroy persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in his foundations tournament.
US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down from May 28-31.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home for up to 2.5 hours.
Koryor took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
He then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say.
The boy's mother then found him in the vehicle some time later.
Police are still investigating what happened next, but
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting on Grindr.
Dunn, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, was high on Class A Mephedrone.
He then fled with victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016.
The Belfast pair will take on native opposition in Maiquetia, northern Venezuela.
Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and Conlan is a two-time Olympic medallist.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops to 'boost morale'
Chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
The Spaniard did not make contact with the ball, sending Perez tumbling.
Neville said it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for Newcastle with a second bookable offence.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in bushland the following Friday.
The 26-year-old was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
Her fiancée, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday April 11.
Ms Scott's father Robert said he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott's death, but is confident that his daughter is in 'the best possible place' after living a life full of love and happiness.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
The Magpies are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
Dick Advocaat has hinted he is working on a six-game rescue plan.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
They stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Great Barr, Birmingham.
Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in Erdington, Birmingham but later let go.
Forensic experts discovered Lundie's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Dylan and her husband Paul, 44, confirmed to People on Wednesday that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies.
He has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison.
Former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Lynch, 34, is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends'
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said of his wardrobe malfunction.
Bayern Munich host Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg and a German Cup semi-final against Dortmund.
Real Madrid will be without Luka Modric after a late win over Atletico Madrid.
Juventus have a solid defence with Leonardo Bonucci, Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini.
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage.
Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition.
Delta 271 flight from Paris to Newark was diverted to Boston on Wednesday.
Passengers complained of nausea and possible minor injuries.
Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Pippa Middleton said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Yoomi self-warming bottle heats up to the natural temperature of breast milk in 60 seconds.
Koo-di's spout protector stops baby touching hot bath taps.
Gerry the Giraffe attaches to car seat, cribs and baby bouncers.
Billy Vunipola has been called before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel after being cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head on Saturday.
The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park.
Vereniki Goneva has also been cited but has chosen not to attend.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
It comes after Britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play.
The comments come after the Food Safety Information Council released a food safety report card as part of World Health Day on April 7.
More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
The findings, in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.
All those in the study had older siblings.
Some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
Other listings in the more than $100,000 total include a night with Reid at the W hotel in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which cost $832.
Three weeks later, he ran up a $1,382 bar tab at the Warwick nightclub in
George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office.
In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him.
The nadir came when the Chancellor was booed at the Paralympic Games.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent today in traditional Sikh dress.
They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech.
Comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK - The Festival of Life.
Police are investigating a Tory MP over claims he attempted to bribe voters with chocolate cake.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
It follows a conservation ‘success story’ that raised numbers to 90,000.
Experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo.
Mayweather is currently training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico.
The Portuguese star was on the receiving end of a shot that hit a young supporter.
Ronaldo was ordered to continue preparing for the Champions League tie.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for the Czech Republic international.
But Cudicini feels the 32-year-old would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger.
Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season under Thibaut Courtois.
The August 1 exhibition match will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation, while Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe.
More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since Hakeem Olajuwon was drafted in 1984.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists for NHS work.
Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients.
Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
Michael Vaughan has spoken to the ECB about the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursday’s management board meeting.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour and has worked closely in the past with chairman-elect Colin Graves at Yorkshire.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear collection.
The lingerie and loungewear collection is priced between £14 and £85.
Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
The 23-year-old defender was in the same predicament as the young winger.
Grealish is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
Jenkinson is hoping to lead his country to glory at this summer's Under 21s European Championships.
The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability.
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on their failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
Redknapp left the club in February citing knee problems.
But Sandro has defended former manager, saying he is not at fault.
Sean Goss opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 32nd minute.
Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes.
Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute with a rib injury.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92-year-old man living near his branch in Biggin Hill, Kent.
Mason got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues, Julie Jeffrey, 50, and James Cato, 35, led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
Bernie Madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress.
Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud.
He is said to have met Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party with his son Mark.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer's command before getting into position.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for him to say ‘one’ and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their exit.
The Ibrox club have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month (£9.99) app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart.
It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
While in the UK the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion.
Midfielder Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 Indiana Hoosiers.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
He and his wife Kate, who have an eight-year old daughter, tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs.
But they were told that because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
Mr Hand said: 'It's crazy. I understand that benefits need to be means tested'
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
'Climate change can no longer be denied,' he
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The match is billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.
Referee Kenny Bayless has worked five of Mayweather's previous fights.
Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona winger Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions.
The blogger has posted photos of herself wearing the lingerie to her Instagram account in a'small offering of solidarity'
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.
The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller in Thixendale, North Yorkshire.
Despite the owl's more aggressive reputation, it came out the victor.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but had all of his personal identification stolen.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and found a previously lost bank account with money and social security benefits to buy his own house.
Helinksi is now looking for permanent accommodation. His search is focused on a small apartment.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, woke to find a chocolate egg on their doorstep.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, from Port St. Lucie, Florida, charged with child abuse.
Garcia had confiscated her 13-year-old son's mobile phone and was preparing to leave their home.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
The teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot.
Salford City won Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
They won't be playing local rivals FC United of Manchester next season.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield.
Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy.
Judy Murray was strictly on the sidelines when Andy and Kim had their first dance on Saturday night.
The former star of Strictly Come Dancing frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts.
As Judy’s mother, Shirley Erskine, 80, left venue, she admitted the wedding of Andy, 27, to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears, also 27, had been 'fantastic'
England withdrew from the Victory Shield for Under 16s in 2014.
The FA chairman Greg Dyke told the home nations that they wanted to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries.
FA say they have kept the tournament organisers in the loop and only revised their plans after Sky Sports cut their title sponsorship - which the TV station dispute - and wanted changes to the format.
Champion jockey and Arsenal fan Tony McCoy, who retires from riding at Sandown on Saturday, will be feted at the Emirates Stadium when his schedule next allows him to watch the Gunners.
Pasco County Sheriff's Office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call.
The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other which ran off.
But horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious'
Kempink responded: 'He came right at
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters.
The world number one is aiming to complete his grand slam of majors.
McIlroy is hoping to emulate the likes of Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Wander on the Isle of Wight and visit the Cotswolds Olimpicks.
David Luiz was at fault for both of Neymar's goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Roy Keane described Luiz as looking 'lost' following his woeful first-half performance.
Keane said he felt sorry for Luiz, describing him as 'lost again'
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Frank Abagnale was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can.
The conman turned fraud expert has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
He has written three books on the nature of fraud and has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a 'battle'
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' said Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association.
Christie settled a $225million legal settlement with ExxonMobil which could have contributed drastically to the state's pension plans for teachers.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
The complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when eggs symbolised new life and hope.
Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
Giles was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles.
Zbigniew Huminski appeared before a judge on Friday night and was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering the nine-year-old.
Despite being banned from France for earlier offences, he was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck.
His lawyer Antoine Deguines said: 'I have not been able to speak much with him, he does not talk much and, it seems, is in shock over what happened'
Thousands prepared to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday to take part in a second 'White March' to pay tribute to Chloe.
Light general aviation aircraft approached the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce, Florida.
Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation.
He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac.
His propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact.
Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Jones is now dating Will Forte, who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.
The plus-size entertainer says her fans love to watch her enjoying food.
Miss Reign now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady.
Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place.
Arsene Wenger's side held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor.
Aaron Ramsey's early goal put them ahead.
Burnley, for all their endeavour, didn't create too many clear-cut chances.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'" and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police.
Video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible.
Police say they shot him with an'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Survey of 1,000 people by YouNeedaBudget.com found 64% of adults overspend.
Many blame the urge to'show off' and'succumbing to peer pressure'
But site says there's no need to hit the mall alone to avoid buyer's remorse.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are among Manchester City's summer shopping list.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled Raheem Sterling.
Frank Lampard is set to leave the Etihad Stadium and James Milner is likely to follow him out of the club.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke defender Christian Fuchs.
The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Austria international Fuchs is vastly experienced and renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Despite Elliot's best efforts, Gemma keeps licking away.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight German commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
It is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins prefer more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old.
The How I Met Your Mother star serves cocktails and pairs wine with David's food, but is also a 'great sous chef' who David can rely on to plate food and ice cupcakes.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
The pair had bought MDMA from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds.
It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, referring to air stewardesses as'sweethearts', while in character as his laddish alter-ego Dapper Laughs.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape'
He resurrected his ‘ultimate lad’ character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Former England batsman has been linked with a return to the national side.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara.
There are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Froch.
Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled Liverpool's new home strip on Friday.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer.
John O'Connor, former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, said the fire and the raid could be linked.
The former detective said the power outage and proximity of the burglary was far more than a coincidence.
He added that to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime, the gang must have had some inside help.
It came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire just 500 metres from the raid site.
Kansai International Airport opened its doors in 1994 and has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with handles facing outwards, making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage, which has been singled out as a small but very important strategic detail.
Of the 550 airports examined in 112 nations around the world, Japanese airports fared best.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday.
Charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction.
He is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'
Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
The striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at Upton Park.
Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed staff member's laptop without permission.
Used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing.
He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center.
Green was also suspended for three days last year for similar act.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
Algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight champion.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is'shutting down debate' in schools.
Teachers fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share opinions.
They also claim young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a woman following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday.
Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, discovered the note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Her mother, Corinna, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with the heartfelt message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny'
The search for Joe and Jenny continues.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
Prosecutors say the parents, both of Cincinnati, could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
Billy Spears posed for the photo with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Since Spears was only reprimanded with counseling, DPS does not view the penalty as a formal disciplinary action.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
The 27-year-old has been in brilliant form for United this season.
Jordan Ibe has been out for the last six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The 19-year-old was awarded the Man-of-the-Match in the Merseyside derby.
Brendan Rodgers will include him in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined with a knee problem and illness.
Protests against Freddie Gray descended into chaos outside Camden Yards on Saturday night.
After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside the baseball stadium.
Spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave until cleared to do so by police.
Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
Will hail 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
The bodies of four people, including two young boys under ten, were found.
The unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds.
Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect.
Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
PSG beat Barcelona 4-0 in the group stages of the competition earlier this year.
Silva believes the home leg of the quarter-final encounter will be pivotal for his side.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
Messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s)
Hibernian would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules.
Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell.
Issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Jade Ruthven, 33, has been sharing endless pictures and statuses about her baby daughter on Facebook.
Her friends wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini said people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web.
She said it's hard for people to know where the line stops when it comes to posting personal details online.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham Hotspur winger was criticised by Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson.
Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky tweet.
He said: 'As soon at the goal went in, I was just desperate to get that tweet out'
Mary Doyle Keefe passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
'I work hard to get the body I have, so why not show off what I’ve got?' says the athlete.
Bath were beaten 18-15 by Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Anthony Watson believes the pain of the defeat can be a driving force in their push to make this season's Aviva Premiership play-offs.
Bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half George Ford and captain Stuart Hooper.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie.
They are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in Thanet South.
A private poll put the Conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin.
But Ukip MEP Diane James insisted the show would go on without him.
Hayley Grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found Baby Peter's body.
She found the body wrapped in a blanket and Sainsbury's bag in Norfolk.
The boy's mother, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
But the charge was dropped after she told police she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends and later had a stillbirth.
Danny Ings' Real Sociedad contract expires at Burnley in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the collapse.
The fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
It is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team’s training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
The eagle, which appears to be a golden eagle, is captured standing over a football and giving it a peck with its beak.
After standing and shaking its head, the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
As the ball rolls away the members of the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed rented BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
He spotted a friend waiting for a bus and shouted 'watch this'
Hamilton sped down the road and overtook cars'recklessly'
Moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing road while on his morning paper round.
Hamilton abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied any involvement in the tragedy.
Police were seeking an arrest warrant for UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones on Monday.
They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash.
Jones handed himself in later the same day, withTMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
According to the warrant, the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver Buick SUV.
Rides at Flambards theme park in Cornwall will be measured over Easter period.
Reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster will go into a report.
The 480-house development is proposed for next door to popular Cornwall attraction.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in Leicester's survival bid.
The Foxes will escape the drop zone if they beat Swansea and Burnley fail to win at Everton.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in Burnley like that displayed by his Wigan team in surviving against the odds in the Premier League.
A young English cricket fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and shared the lengthy response on Twitter.
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
He was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored for Borussia Dortmund.
The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe.
Dortmund had lost their previous two Bundesliga matches against Borrusia Monchengladbach and Bayern Munich.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
James hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court.
Before the shot hit nothing but net, James said: 'Give me my money'
A 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday on charges including torture and amnesia.
The case involves a man from central Queensland who has been charged with torture, after another man went to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns.
Police say the alleged offences took place between March 20 and March 27.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-final on June 6.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last four of the competition.
Barcelona and Bayern Munich are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid.
We asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season's competition.
Labour shadow minister Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derbyshire.
Asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election.
He replied: 'To get all the foreigners out the country'
Video of the conversation shows the Labour MP was stunned by the statement.
Ukip spokesman claimed the schoolboy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Blood covered the boat which was anchored off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing.
The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
She slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware.
The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week.
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it'
Instead, she tries anything from Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer.
Smith, 56, will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft,.
She will be interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota.
She also revealed in an interview with Sports Illustrated that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood yesterday.
The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport.
Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
The poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
Jia Jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest.
Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
The crucial point is that rejection is unavoidable and it’s how we respond to it.
Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to his fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save the Bali Nine duo from facing death row.
Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning as she sat in her car.
Her vision became blurred and she could barely see with her right eye.
Days later, her hairdresser noticed she had minor burns on her scalp.
A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
She helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center, North Dakota.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Couple managed to get 1,700 miles from the North Dakota jail before being captured.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist.
Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'
She said: 'It's been over seven months since she went missing and we don't know anything about her'
Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showing off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days after a murderer was filmed drinking prison hooch in a video shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a Michigan car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the gang.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract.
Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
The 21-year-old spent 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a University of South Carolina student who can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike Taylor Swift.
Elizabeth started learning to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates at her all-girls school told her she looked like the Grammy winner.
She still works at parties and even nursing homes, but now her biggest gig is performing with Legends in Concert.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in Bangkok.
The 24-year-old blogger has over 190,000 Instagram followers.
She has been sharing pictures and videos of her post-op trip with her followers.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee made emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility.
But she was told only available appointment was in 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Dentist apparently removed Attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was 'in the way'
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park.
He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine, saying it was unfair and unenforceable.
But appeal court judges said the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups said the ruling would hand parking firms a 'blank cheque'
Mr Beavis said he would now be taking the case to the Supreme Court.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK'
Another said his behaviour showed that he was an 'ignorant clown'
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, 18.
Carter's defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for Carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin.
But the district attorney's office has filed a response arguing that the DA has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Roy had previously tried to commit suicide over a year earlier and was battling depression.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe.
The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad, ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were hospitalized after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in Mississippi.
Siblings were placed in medically-induced comas and put on life support.
Now, they are facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues.
Their mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke the drug, which is much more toxic than cannabis.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry.
During her time working on the Outsourcing Embryos documentary, Gianna learned that surrogacy in India is a multi-million dollar business.
It is made all the more lucrative by the high number of American couples traveling to the country to use the services provided by one or more of the ‘embryo outsourcing’ agencies featured in the Vice documentary.
Gianna never considered buying the baby, but as a woman who would one day like to be a mother, she
Kyle Iveson burst into Thorougoods in Clitheroe, Lancashire.
The 24-year-old demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown.
He tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice.
But she instantly recognised him and reported him to the police.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Gunners boss was concerned over Theo Walcott's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
Moeen Ali is a good spinner for England, even though he looked rusty on day one.
Adil Rashid could offer what is needed but by all accounts he hasn’t been bowling well enough to warrant selection.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls remain in captivity a year after the abduction of 276 girls by Boko Haram militants.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls are still in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.
Rent posh private apartments in some of the world’s most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town.
Mould was growing in tomato puree at Pizza Plus Fried Chicken in Gillingham.
Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at court.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist.
The Icelandic actress, 27, said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
She said: 'I don't think it should be any more allowed than if a woman was in the same situation'
Catholic Church figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London.
PM insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
Comes as Michael Gove claims Christians are being dismissed with condescension.
Six weeks ago, Church of England published unprecedented guide to how Christians should 'approach General Election'
Bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
24-year-old was a member of gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs.
Officers seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents, and equipment used for drug dealing.
Beheluli was jailed alongside Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, at Blackfriars Crown Court, London, on Wednesday.
Rafa Benitez guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005.
The Spaniard won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented Peugeot RCZ into Club Liv.
He was walking through Manchester city centre when he saw his friend in an altercation.
Totton went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told it was late nobody else was allowed in.
Instead of leaving, Totton knocked on the window of the club asking for doorman to come out.
When he refused, he climbed inside and nudged the doors with his bumper.
Judge at Manchester Crown Court refused to accept Totton's claims the attack was meant as a joke, and instead handed him
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably similar to James Alexandrou, 30, from Eastenders.
Other celebrities with identical twins include Liz Hurley, 49, Jacqueline Bissett, 70, and David Gandy, 35.
Mr Yuan was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
The women have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat and are quickly discovering just how much he hid from them.
Order was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945.
It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
Order is one of the only copies known to exist today and is expected to fetch £21,000.
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The 33-year-old skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere.
A 26-year-old man has been attacked by a Great White shark on South Australia's west coast.
The man was surfing 350 metres offshore near Right Point on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park, when he was attacked.
Shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
It is believed that sharks often mistake humans for seals or dolphins.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback.
Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
He used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars.
The results suggest that many of the most recognisable stars will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely.
Some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye.
It raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy.
Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia.
It is believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe.
Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium is nearing completion.
Broadhurst Park cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m.
The ground is part of a stadium that will also serve the local community.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20am in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident.
She told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye.
Lennon, who is on loan to Everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month.
Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm UK time, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on StubHub.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $70,790 (£47,000) on the secondary market.
Tickets for the weigh-in go on sale on Friday at 3pm from the MGM Resorts Box Office at a cost of $10 (£6.50) per head.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone.
At his heaviest he would avoid sitting in chairs in fear of breaking them.
His wife Debbie, also 56, dropped 8st and lost a combined weight of 29st.
Video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another.
The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles.
He initially uploaded the video to Reddit and claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics.
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.
He exclaims: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
It’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.
Mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital prompted an investigation.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
European Space Agency is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
The mission will take place in two parts, and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission.
In 2020 AIM will head to the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022.
Alice Dreger attended sex education class at East Lansing High School, Michigan.
She became outraged when her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand.
Ms Dreger tweeted out the contents of the lesson, which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday night.
The 29-year-old has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle joined Southampton from Feyenoord for a reported £9million.
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits 'the doors are open'
Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his time at Porto.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of jail or having to register as a sex offender.
When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today'
But she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket.
She was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort in Koh Phangan.
Villa co-ordinator Pim immediately apologised for increased security around the resort.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Arctic Fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, took a tumble at the final hurdle.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
Mr Thomas said: 'It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated'
A fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named Simon Cowell.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell travelling to the cub’s location in his car.
He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free.
Mr Cowell distracts the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
Juan Mata was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
The Spaniard has now scored two goals in his last five games.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
He began the season believing United could win the league this year.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital and forced to leave her home.
The 92-year-old's family were under the impression she planned to sell the house.
Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed.
She returned from hospital to find the house empty and her possessions gone.
Age UK has apologised and said it has reviewed its procedures.
Gemma Collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
The 34-year-old has gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
It brought the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
The product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return it, or not worth the cost.
Former NSA chief General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target.
He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
The payments nexus of the major banks could also be paralysed.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Her return to action sets up a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer, died early on Friday.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses.
Within three days almost $190,000 has been raised.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
The jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest.
AP McCoy finished third in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
McCoy rode Box Office all the way to the line and took the congratulations of his fellow jockeys as they and their horses milled around him.
The 40-year-old was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright.
Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Almonds are high in vitamin E, which helps improve the appearance of your skin.
Walnuts have been shown to reduce the risk of age-related macular degeneration.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Kim Sei-Young shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition.
The South Korean led by two shots at halfway stage at Mission Hills Country Club.
She returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance move on Instagram.
The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks.
Liverpool face Newcastle in their next Premier League game.
Tim Tebow will sign as a quarterback with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized, reports say.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private funeral on Wednesday.
The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people.
His wife Daphne kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
Following the funeral service, a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie's former cricket commentating colleagues.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at the airport.
The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging.
Greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Ross Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park.
James McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class' despite a mistake.
Everton secured a 1-0 victory over Southampton courtesy of captain Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season.
Ronald Koeman conceded his side's Champions League hopes were now over.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February.
Brody got ahead of the crossing gate in inching traffic, then got out of her car to examine it after the gate came down and hit the back of it.
The cause of the collision remains unknown and Brody's daughters remain adamant that their mother never meant to hurt anyone.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters.
Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over.
It is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes, David Villa and Fernando Torres.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.
The 11-year-old has a'very high pain tolerance', a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing for days.
Sagan Tosu defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on Mu Kanazaki's face.
The 23-year-old is believed to have deliberately committed the foul.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans.
Manchester United are third in the Premier League table.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim.
United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday took them to third.
The Red Devils are eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
The video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on Facebook, with one commenter musing: 'Heavy bags need big muscles'
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday at the MGM Resort in Las Vegas.
In a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Noble said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free buffet pass.
Noble was reportedly upset because he had lost his free buffet eating privileges he'd won from the casino in September 2010.
On Easter Sunday, just hours before he took his own life, Noble uploaded a furious invective to Facebook attacking the women he believes got him banned.
'Today, I end my life due to the M Resort Spa Casino and
Danny Alexander and Brooke Magnanti were pictured at Bar One in Inverness.
The two were at the Nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the Highlands.
Comes as David Cameron faces growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' campaign.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
McGregor has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked on his chest.
The 26-year-old has now revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open in July.
Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall.
He applied for the role after eight years as a fireman, training as an emergency first responder, and completing a PCSO course.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to join ISIS.
She is believed to have been filmed leading al-Khanssaa Brigade in Syria.
Mother-of-two is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants.
Experts say it is the first'real evidence' that Jones is involved with brigade.
Three-minute footage also shows fighters practising their shooting techniques.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
Talley was born May 23, 1899, and credits her long life to her faith.
The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
Great forests of pines, cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides, often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at Dover.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push.
McCall is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by billionaire Bernard Arnault.
Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
The red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players.
Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
Two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin Airport.
Passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses to arrive.
One passenger tweeted: '2 jets hit at Dublin, my flight to Malaga delayed'
Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution, but were not needed.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend.
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to day nursery.
She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
It was not clear whether this was Crossland or her mother Susan Crossland.
Crossland had even been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts said the investigation is being refined and the picture is getting'sharper and sharper'
Gray died on Sunday, April 19, after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' while in police custody.
Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac.
Men should not drink more than three units of alcohol a day.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Paulo Ferreira believes his compatriot's desire to succeed with Chelsea knows no bounds.
Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Rep Darrell Issa asked then Secretary of State Clinton about use of personal email in December 2012.
But the reply was ignored until more than a month after Clinton stepped down.
Even then, the reply went into detail over State Department's email policy.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Friday.
The 11-year-old has been missing for four days.
He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused.
Campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters next week.
Woods shot a round of 66 or 67 at the Shell Houston Open.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind Andrew Putnam going into the third round.
Justin Rose is four shots off the pace and in contention.
Documents were compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber.
He wrote: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill?'
Documents include flightplan, eyewitness account of bombing and log books.
Expected to fetch £26,000 in two lots when they go under the hammer.
Walter Scott had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday.
Family believe he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind.
But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a judge.
Scott Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence but skipped bail.
He rifled through his 22-year-old victim's pockets and stole the iPhone 4.
The next day the victim's body was discovered close to a playground.
Stephenson was re-bailed for the sentence after failing to turn up to a previous hearing.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby and is serving a life sentence without parole.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The 32-year-old was originally from Bangladesh and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area immediately after the shooting.
There is a heavy police presence on Lake Avenue with the lane behind the takeaway completely taped off.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Lionel Messi will lead the line for Barcelona against PSG on Wednesday.
Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable'
Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10.
Labbadia's contract is also valid for the second division should Hamburg be relegated.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime.
Among them are pieces up to 3,500 years old and are expected to fetch £20,000.
The nine lots will go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London on Thursday.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot.
Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
And if the phone gets too cold, Optimal engages its Anti-Freeze mode.
This mode can be disabled and users can also manually track temperature changes.
The case will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, Nexus, HTC & Xperia phones.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes for the Gunners.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past Matt Macey.
Alex Iwobi then equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and will appear before magistrates.
Ms Cahill and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013.
Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday.
Swansea have yet to pick up a point after an international break this term.
Monk's men are currently in eighth place with the club's best Premier League points total in sight.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
Dixon has since started a GoFundMe page which on Sunday had raised $4,619 in donations.
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across the M74 in South Lanarkshire.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Don escaped unhurt but scores of motorists were left wondering if they were imagining things.
Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ‘due to a dog taking control of tractor’
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.
In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ‘significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response’
His letter was called ‘We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto’ in reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas will cost US viewers up to $100 (£67.48)
The price represents almost a 40 per cent increase on the previous high of $64.95 (£43.83) for the fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013.
The fight on May 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by that fight in 2013.
Manchester City beat United 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney said United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield.
Rooney also claimed City fans were the loudest he'd ever heard them.
City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12.5 stone.
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 a year on food in her first term alone.
Was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told 'boys don't fancy fat girls'
Richard Graham, who is fighting to retain marginal seat of Gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the tweets.
The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager.
Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January while apparently trying to protect a group of girls.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on state schools system.
Comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date, after David Cameron spectacularly to meet his pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands.
Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status.
The resort is famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky.
Many Britons know the resort because of popular comedy Benidorm.
Ellie Laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains.
The SBS News and Current Affairs Director Jim Carroll was reported to be hiring 'good-looking, female Anglo-Celtic' journalists.
Laing hit back in an open letter to several news outlets.
'Never mind the fact that I work damned hard,' she wrote.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
The watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
DirecTV has said it disagrees with NAD's findings with respect to its ranking claims, picture quality claims and sports programming claims.
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history.
The ESPN host said he understood why co-host Cari Champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Mayweather is set to face off against boxer Manny Pacquiao on Saturday.
The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a Dominican woman in her late 30s, who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign.
All models carry pink striped umbrella, which shoppers receive for free.
Described as the brand's most romantic collection yet.
Often embellished with bows and adorned with lace and crystals.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament.
Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and used to have surgery in Redcar.
A service of thanksgiving will take place on Wednesday April 8.
Adam Johnson charged with three counts of sexual activity with a child.
The 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket.
The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday.
Her friend who gave it to her has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Immigrants from Africa and the Caribbean account for almost ten per cent of the black population in the U.S.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent in 1980, but made up 8.7% of the group in 2013.
The majority of the 40 million US-born African Americans trace their heritage to African ancestors brought to America as slaves.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004.
In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband or was embarrassed by the media coverage – or both.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza has joined Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
He will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe.
Claim was made by his ex-girlfriend Sophie on the Jeremy Kyle Show.
Stuart burst onto the stage to deny using the bizarre excuse.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a Texas juvenile detention center in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
Police never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated.
DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA.
New attention to the case has brought forward a potential suspect, as well.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.
Some parents take away their child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future.
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road.
Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 will marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Djokovic has won his past nine finals at these Masters-level events.
Survation survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had sympathy.
Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John.
One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
Catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half Scott Dureau bagging all of their points.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
The 41-year-old said she came close to taking her own life.
Ms Wilson said depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked.
One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking.
They discovered three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
Driscoll has been granted bail but will have to report to police once a week.
She was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday.
Adam Leheup, 34, 'insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old despite her shouting: 'No, no'
He met the woman after arranging to meet on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app.
They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar.
Leheup denies raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were all but extinguished.
But Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this season.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election.
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
Lord Greville Janner accused of molesting young boys in 1970s and 1980s.
Labour peer could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia.
Family of 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges.
But he could still face civil action from complainants.
Legal firm Slater & Gordon representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season.
Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers boss.
The 36-year-old insists West Ham have a 'fantastic' manager in place.
Allardyce has overseen a solid season so far this term.
Swansea travel to bottom-placed Leicester on Saturday.
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back in 2012.
She called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming'
Ms Silva has spoken out about the horrific incident and has visited the home of her ex-partner's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son three years ago.
The pair embraced and held each other for a few moments before composing themselves.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born.
30-year-old walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or coat.
The next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face of gorge.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She grabbed Stars and Stripes and drove off in a patrol car.
Video shows Manhart struggling with officers, who force her to the ground.
In response, Manhart says the flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation's bunnies into giants.
Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only be given as the occasional treat, not as regular feed.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed £20 horse had been left by its owner.
But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down 32-year-old care worker.
They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough, East Yorkshire.
Mother-of-one accused of trying to shield item from CCTV as she walked off train.
Miss Craven is waiting to see if she will be charged, but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a darn sight better than the football.
Alastair Cook's struggles with the bat have continued in England's first Test against the West Indies.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Last year, the United Nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest.
Jodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.
She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after they gunned down Sabrina Moss on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday.
Hussain and James sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar in Kilburn, north west London.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette, then 24, was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun during the attack outside Woody Grill, in South Kilburn.
The Old Bailey heard the shooting was part of an ongoing rivalry between two
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of the same age in classroom.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother says officials refused to remove boy from her daughter's class.
She says she has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants handed their sentences as 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life.
The defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013.
Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan.
Soltan's family called for Mohamed's immediate release in a statement after the verdict, charging that there was no evidence against him.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up.
Head coach Dick Advocaat will be without Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem, but winger Rolando Aarons and striker Papiss Cisse continue their respective suspensions.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah will take over.
Stewart revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
He said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
Fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after 2013 coup accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat.
The investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
French president today said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Ministers were warned of potential problems in advance Labour has claimed.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
37% of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53% claiming they had never even considered teaching them.
Nearly half - 46% - insisted their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull travel to Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are currently three points off the relegation zone.
The Tigers have lost five of their last eight games against top teams.
David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home.
The home had been auctioned off to a new owner, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway.
Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and 3 cats.
Smith claimed she quit the job, according to a man who knew Smith from the local bar scene and spoke with WGX
Aaron Hernandez was taken to the maximum-security prison MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday.
He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd, who was dating Hernandez's fianceé at the time.
Hernandez was shocked by the decision, mouthing 'You're wrong', before slumping to his seat - perhaps seeing the riches to rags reality of his new life.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Mrs Skinner had filed for multiple orders of protection against him and planned to take time off from her teaching job to protect her students from his violent temper.
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, has been diagnosed with functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms that cannot be explained.
The mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock.
But over the following days she feared something else was to blame.
Doctors cannot determine whether the condition had been lying dormant in Mrs Rawcliffe's body before it revealed itself.
According to a survey of 1,025 Australian parents, a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies, choosing work and'more important things' over their passions.
The cost, says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins, will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children.
Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
Khloe Kardashian posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night.
More than 400,000 followers liked the photo, but it drew criticism.
Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated Robert Bates, 73.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has two years left on his £35,000-a-week deal.
Sterling has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future.
Exeter Chiefs outscored Newcastle Falcons six tries to one at Sandy Park.
David Ewers scored and a penalty try for the home side.
Exeter then added further tries through Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm after the break.
The victory means Exeter will take on Gloucester at Kingsholm.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law.
The club defended their position in a lengthy statement about the Olympic Stadium deal.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will tie the knot in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11.
The couple have taken a more low-key approach when it comes to who to invite.
Murray has mixed with A-list celebrities such as James Corden and the Prime Minister.
But the biggest name likely to be in attendance is Tim Henman.
Leonardo Ulloa gave Leicester the lead from Wes Morgan's knock down in the 15th minute.
The Leicester hitman was left out in favour of Andrej Kramaric at the King Power Stadium.
Andy King scored a late second goal to move the Foxes off the bottom of the table.
This is three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because plane was not at capacity.
However, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him.
After landing at Muscat, one man was taken away for questioning by police.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room.
Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
Kent, 46, was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982.
The world-class sprinter's lightning pose, which he strikes after winning a race, has become a trademark.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
It has emerged Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986.
But a
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
Charles is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way.
Horry County Police said the mother turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The hours old baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, according to WMBF. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers then took control of the picture feed and posted pornography.
Instead of normal images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons.
The images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked in January.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby.
But the builder was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world.
He is now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Liris Crosse always dreamed of being a model but had a tough time.
Many people told her to lose weight to succeed - but she proved them wrong.
Now 32, she is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of the plus-size modelling world.
Says she wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms, sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her.
This to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
Now the controversial British professor claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
The organisms are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.
On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
Ginnetti also faces three years' probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool.
Celebrities including Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas, Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe have all frequented the venue.
Inside the high-end hotel, there are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Incident occurred in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.
Cyclist yelled at driver, banged on window and pushed in mirror.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
The 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will take place on Saturday.
The women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men.
Melissa Wilson's grandfather Richard Cowell will be able to watch the race.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo on May 18, 2013.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
McKinnon suffered minor injuries in the collision and tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was.163 - more than twice the legal limit.
SNP leader used BBC TV debate to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the Labour leader’s 29 per cent.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion.
He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
Brandt would have fought alongside British and Dutch troops against Napoleon.
No complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny'
The tennis coach helped propel her son and his brother to sporting success.
But she has a couple of caveats – he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout.
He was sacked by non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, within hours.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected'
Mr Hart admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter.
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
This comes almost one year after Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
We fell in love with her story as well as with her, which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community.
Here are five ways that the Belle´s of the world win us over.
The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises.
Recent aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China Sea.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Ancient Egyptians, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time - and found evidence of a'mega drought' in the area.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
By far the most common job for Western jihadis, however, is guarding prisoners.
Cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
Kellogg's makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in Republic of Ireland.
Latest figures show Kellogg’s effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013.
Sydney Harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world.
Cape Town and Table Mountain can be seen from both sides of the aircraft.
The Bora Bora Island Guide has a page dedicated solely to where you should sit.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency.
Three other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, of Smethwick, West Midlands, killed Michael Spalding.
The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases and thrown into canal.
Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
His girlfriend Michelle Bird was convicted of assisting an offender.
Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who rescued Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho.
Warnock ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Once there, he calmed Sitko down and asked him to roll down the window, and he was then able to pull him out to safety.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was found by police on Thursday night.
Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
While Chapman was holed up in a friends home Ms Huxton allegedly escaped her captor and fled to a local restaurant where she called her parents.
Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before Ms H
Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig.
She was filmed for a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League.
But New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false.
Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest.
Her male counterpart Todd Barry was booked for the slot.
Terry McCarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames.
His brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies.
But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader accused of stooping to'shameful' new low by blaming PM.
Suggested deaths could have been avoided if Cameron had done more.
Claims crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer.
KFC hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
But health experts still say that no matter how hygienic the conditions of the 612 KFC outlets in Australia are, the food they make just isn't good for you.
On April 7, Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine, say airport officials.
The total weight of cocaine seized was approximately 2 lbs and the street value is an estimated $30k.
Olive Fowler, 70, was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana to New York.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything.
Mrs Sedway initially said she was fine, but when the airline employee approached her a second time, she indicated that she might require a little extra time to
Juventus are close to completing a deal for Carlos Tevez.
The 31-year-old's contract with the Serie A champions runs until 2016.
Tevez has reportedly told the club he wants to leave the club this summer.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Pictures taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn and dent marks on an SUV.
There have been reports of power outages and traffic delays due to the severe weather.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial.
They said: 'We cannot forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people – especially since he feels free from any legal guilt'
Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lindsey set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Heineman allegedly handed the officer three Xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $100 in cash.
Carl Froch has expressed a desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
Froch has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley last May.
Chavez took on Andrzej Fonfara in a light-heavyweight bout at StubHub Center in Carson, California, but was thoroughly outclassed by his Polish opponent.
London Mayor was given a kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Ukip leader Nigel Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday.
Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
The 32-year-old also collected his 100th cap for England.
James Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder in the July 20, 2012, shooting.
He admits he was the shooter, his defense attorneys say, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill.
His lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely.
Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico.
She was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in Riviera Maya.
Family said she was devoted to the children she taught and was besotted with each other.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'
Two jurors told the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer.
One took a picture of its license plate.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
Rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club's consent and'surprised us all'
He added that Liverpool were a'superpower' in world football and didn't have to sell their star assets before saying that Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
Officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova visited six Pret A Manger shops in London.
She tried three approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly.
At High Street Kensington, she left with a free coffee - and a dent in her purse.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.
His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women.
One alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio studios.
Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who flock to study Tibetan Buddhism.
The hilly settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft, and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling.
Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, and separated by age and sex.
Protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics after clashes turned ugly.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning.
Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in 2011.
During the 2011 incident, a felony warrant was issued for Talib for an assault with a deadly weapon charge.
The shutdown corner also fought with teammates and was suspended for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack during a Bali vacation last August.
Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer.
Mack's attorney has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella.
The petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes.
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Todd is the son of Suchet’s son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year.
Other watches include a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua and a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
Ms Johnston says she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit.
Vladmir Lenin's body is on display in a mausoleum on Moscow's Red Square.
The Bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924.
In 1922 he suffered a stroke from which he never fully recovered.
But this year Russian officials closed Red Square so that scientists could prepare the body for public display during Lenin's 145th birthday anniversary.
Four South African men accused of stabbing a Mozambican man to death in an apparent xenophobic attack appeared in court today.
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the 0-0 draw with Burnley on Easter Sunday.
Kane has 29 club goals under Mauricio Pochettino this season.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny turns 25 on Monday.
The 25-year-old was joined by his girlfriend Mariana Luczenko at his London home.
He was treated to a private birthday performance by Polish rock band Lemon.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the FA Cup final.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January in response to jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda.
But it is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was given one final kiss from his wife Tracy before being led away by police.
The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community, who insist he is innocent.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school.
Man asleep on conveyor at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
Other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
Inebriated Chinese passenger fell asleep on luggage belt in China.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009.
He killed 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’
But it has since been acknowledged that attack was act of terrorism.
Victim Shawn Manning claims he is still going without certain benefits.
Military rejected his claims that injuries were sustained in the line of duty.
Anthony Martinez was over-joyed when his straight guy pal Jacob Lescenski came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
The pair met in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'You're hella gay, I'm hella str8, but you're like my brother, so be my d8?'
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to quit.
Redknapp believes he would have helped QPR avoid relegation.
New series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book.
In the images the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over 83-year-old Dorothy's affairs.
The mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the care.
But when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Queen of the South crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season.
Stuart McCall urged Rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure.
The Ibrox side remain third in the table after what was their biggest-ever loss to Queens.
Imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet.
He then connected to a number of university computers in Birmingham.
Through the software, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in.
Uddin then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.
On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Martin Fletcher led inquiry into 1985 Bradford stadium fire which killed 56 football fans.
Former High Court judge dismissed claims blaze was not an accident saying they are 'nonsense'
New book reveals a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985.
Mr Fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy, including his 11-year-old brother Andrew and his father John, 34, uncle Peter, 32, and grandfather Eddie, 63.
Eden Hazard leads the way in the Premier League this weekend.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Craig Gardner starred for West Brom against Crystal Palace.
Aaron Lennon won a penalty for Everton against Burnley.
Roger Lohse was reporting on a brush fire in southwest Miami-Dade.
His cameraman pointed out the rescue to him, and he went to investigate.
He ran over to two firefighters holding the kitten in a towel.
Firefighters said the kitten had been hiding in an empty beer box.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans are also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Jordan Spieth at Augusta.
Spieth is four shots clear of Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman.
Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the most high-profile grouping.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found choked to death in her rented home.
Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with her murder.
Mann was an outspoken feminist and keen campaigner at the University of Mary Washington.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend.
Tim Sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put his sense of fashion in the spotlight.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for training at the club's Bodymoor Heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
Shay Given certainly wasn't a fan of the outfit, made worse by his decision to wear sunglasses in the dressing room.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby.
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
The start-up claims it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
Jack Grealish is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads.
The Aston Villa teenager made his first Premier League start on Tuesday night.
Grealish says referees have tried telling him to keep his socks low.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claim that three of his supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours.
They claim that Bates was not properly trained to be an armed deputy, despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise.
Bates' legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its Essence Skyscraper.
It beat the designs for a Giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds.
Chinese state media reported that the government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'
It could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain by 2020.
The step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays.
Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to Jose Anigo.
Former Marseille boss Anigo says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona.
Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' required to become an Old Trafford great.
Sweden captain scored in their 3-1 international friendly win over Iran.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe the jellyfish, which can grow up to six feet, have been attracted by the warmer waters and a lack of predators.
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday night.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.
The Reds have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Ellen White scored both goals against Arsenal in the Women's Super League.
The Notts County star also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
TripAdvisor's annual study compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world.
In Sofia, a night's stay and room service order will set you back £63.78, more than four times cheaper than at the costliest destination examined, New York.
The report tallies cost of staying the night in a four-star hotel, a club sandwich ordered through room service, dry cleaning on one shirt and the price tag of refreshments from the minibar.
Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations, while Western Europe, specifically Scandinav
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the award.
Hazard is likely to feature against Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
Diego Costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Simeone has extended his contract at the club until 2019.
Atletico won the Spanish Super Cup and European Super Cup last season.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
Early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology, which claims on its website that it is 'the closest thing to teleportation'
Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app, there are already a concerning number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday.
World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
But the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year.
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at Manchester City.
Eriksson said they should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four.
City host West Ham in the Champions League on Sunday.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
He had been out walking with his wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Benaud, who hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013, had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight.
The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen.
Former Scottish Secretary warns of 'daily dose of blackmail' from SNP.
Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum.
Comes after SNP unveiled its manifesto in Edinburgh yesterday.
It included massive spending increases, new taxes and more welfare.
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America.
It is believed the large shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska.
The commotion started when a birdwatcher identified one of the rare birds.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months.
Pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey.
The 34-year-old made 62 on his only prior appearance at The Parks, for Nottinghamshire in April 2004.
Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked questions about gay marriage.
He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
The company has said the responses to Alex's questions were down to a 'bug'
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film.
The identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement.
This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
Lingerie model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage, 30, has been documenting her changing pregnancy body.
Critics claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
But despite the outpouring of concern from her followers, the 30-year-old Los Angeles resident continues to flaunt her physique online with a new snap.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged the Brit to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton is 13 points clear of Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, a junior at Jeannette High School.
Morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys.
A police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the hotel in the early hours of Tuesday.
A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent, shouting and would not cooperate.
Wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Art and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'
Some have dressed their babies as characters from sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books.
Angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes.
Had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Rafa Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros in June.
The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks, winning 17 matches on the bounce.
Nadal comfortably beat Nadal on his beloved red clay in last week's Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby.
The 33-year-old was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Kirby, 32, was jailed for eight years and banned from contacting her.
He was released from prison after three years and phoned his former partner.
Miss Redhead said the 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack'
The mother-of-four, who has a child with Kirby, has waived her right to anonymity.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
The family home in Leeton is on the market for $179,000.
Detectives clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening.
Neighbours said the Stanford family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months'
Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys.
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents.
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at the school were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
But he claimed they would back the party this time and only needed 23 seats.
Mr Cameron also revealed that nothing made him ‘more angry’ than the Tories being called the party of the rich.
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in 2013 for perverting the course of justice for taking Huhne's speeding fines issued in 2003.
The economist has since written a book about life in women's prisons.
She says that her advice to women would be to 'be as independent as you possibly can'
Sir Stirling Moss has revealed unusual daily routine thanks for longevity.
The 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before 1962 crash.
He has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
She ditched the van within days and flew back to the East Coast, travelling coach.
The wealthy Democrat was spotted at the Omaha, Nebraska, airport on the way back carting her own luggage.
Paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
She has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa.
Msimang said she's been faced with the realisation that ‘the deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
'When I say something or someone is racist, it’s not meant to be the worst insult in the world, people really get their backs up,' she told Daily Mail Australia.
Manchester Thunder netball team promote Superleague semi-finals.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined the team.
Thunder team and coaches lip-sync to 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'
England women's footballers and soap stars also appear in video.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
Sadek had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
One in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
But a significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they're going wrong.
The bodies of the young army recruits of Camp Speicher were found today.
They were slaughtered by Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a threatening new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months, families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers who had been marched through Tikrit.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts.
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
British number one Watson lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel progressed in straight sets.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California.
The video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
Before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
But Finlay insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
The heartwarming scenes were captured by photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake, became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs.
The normally ferocious animals appear comfortable with his presence.
Ford, 45, was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year.
He was forced to quit his bid for re-election for mayor and instead ran for his old seat in city council and won.
The success came after he acknowledged in 2013 that he had smoked crack cocaine in one of his 'drunken stupors'
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee the Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of the city.
The teenager was shot dead on Tuesday as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army.
Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since the area fell under ISIS control on April 4, leaving 200 people dead in seven days.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy, khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
Jade Wimsey, 24, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant.
Murphy and her fiance Jason Timmons were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
Dellinger was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at PPG Industries Inc
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat.
Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started to spray him with pepper spray.
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player.
Luiz immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess extent of injury.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed 6lbs (2.7kg) and was 20 times bigger than it should have been.
It was extracted from 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys.
Normal healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 La Liga goals.
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
The ruling means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night to move into fourth place.
David Worrall scored from 25 yards after Adam El-Abd was sent off.
Phil Brown's side are only behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University.
But on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make grade.
Refusing to take no for an answer, she wrote back: 'I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class'
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match.
They would play for 'Team South' against a similar 'North' team from the Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League.
The proposals raise the tantalising prospect of club rivals Messi and Ronaldo playing on the same team.
Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero, Chelsea's Eden Hazard, Manchester United winger Angel di Maria and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer could also feature.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric all fit.
Lionel Messi is back in the Barcelona squad to face Celta Vigo.
AC Milan beat Palermo 2-1 in Serie A on Easter Sunday.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.
The video of the two of them playing music together has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
Despite its large number of arms, octopuses do not move them in any rhythmical pattern like insects and millipedes do, for example.
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
He needed his first transplant at just nine months old, when mother donated part of her liver.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Father Xiao Kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver yesterday to save Xiao.
Surgeons now expect Xiao to be home within weeks when he can begin living a normal life.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials.
Clinton emerged from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes.
The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Martina Hingis.
Mirza is the first Indian woman to reach the WTA World No.1 doubles ranking.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the traumatized animals under the bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out.
Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Twitter has rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature, which lets people annotate the tweets of others.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
Available on Twitter’s website and the iPhone app, the feature will roll out to Android handsets soon.
Haris Vuckic has six goals from 10 games for Rangers this season.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next term.
But he believes Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him leave.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth £400million when he died.
She says the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his wealth.
The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives.
Claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson.
His four children are often on the receiving end of their father's masterpieces.
The pair met while working at McDonalds and when he was 19, they had their first child - Liam.
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the hotel.
The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house.
'A two inch drink?' Dr Phil asks. Kim answers, 'Oh yeah.'
The explosive account of what happened on the night of April 16 has emerged in an emotional interview Richards has given.
Richards has battled with alcoholism for years.
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries as he was passing by.
She told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held the 27-year-old captive for five days.
He is accused of subjecting her to sexual assaults including 'ritualistic actions'
Perron was arrested on Monday and charged with sexual assault.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
The Rock n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Over three quarters of us go crackers for cheddar, crowning it our favourite variety.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
He was part of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
Dowd once famously scored for City, against Bury, after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film.
The 48-year-old insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art'
The French film has a number of racy scenes, including Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Newcastle United had more than £34million in the bank at the end of the last financial year, the club's full accounts have revealed.
The club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season.
But the accounts say £38.6million was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5million overdraft and leaving £34.1million available.
A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
The Manchester City forward posted the picture on Sunday night.
Duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo.
Manchester City forward issued an apology on her Facebook page.
E.ON has been ordered to pay £7.75million to Citizens Advice.
Regulator Ofgem found E.on had overcharged customers after price rises.
Firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's'repeated failings' on billing rules.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence.
He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi.
Cabbie Dave Sidaway told the inquest: 'I stopped because I couldn't see where I was going'
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by Adam's flailing arm.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points.
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens, up until March 29.
He says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores--didn't sit well with the 2-year-old building's management.
Nathaniel Clyne has impressed for Southampton this season.
The defender has been linked with a move away from the south coast.
Ronald Koeman admits it may be hard to keep Clyne at the club.
The TV channel will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
But a specially-produced advert will be played featuring 'Darren' - the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4 on air.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, allegedly stabbed girlfriend in backside with pitchfork.
Woman pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across street.
Nunez will be charged with aggravated assault.
Andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight.
Ward is ranked among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world.
Froch is set to make his first appearance on the Las Vegas Strip.
John Terry is on course to feature in all 38 Premier League games this season.
Chelsea captain made just 14 appearances for the Blues in 2012-13.
The 34-year-old has scored three goals in the Premier League so far.
Terry made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season.
Kit Dale, a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne, Australia, created the t-shirt to keep the boys away from his young daughter.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns.
While his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment Thursday.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
Crespo shot Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Cabeo three times in the chest on September 30.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
The show is set to premiere this summer.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
She was told she would be left disabled after errors were made by medics.
When she became pregnant with her second child, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated.
But the promise was an empty one when her son Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School.
Was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
He was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court.
Now banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
Property prices are predicted to fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong – particularly inner-city Melbourne and Perth.
Declining populations are tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second.
Rishell's brother's wife, Grace, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
It was carrying 100 tons of rupees worth £34million, belonging to the UK Treasury.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search was contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft.
The recovery took place in 2013, but has only now been made public.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu.
Real Madrid were reduced to 10 men after Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute for a second yellow card.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Diego Simeone's side went on to win 2-1 on penalties.
The tech giant is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
Hutchison would extend the service to the UK, Ireland, Italy and Spain.
But the plans would only affect the small base of customers on Google's plan.
Last week Three extended its Feel at Home scheme to Spain and New
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
Cressida Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
Since splitting with Prince Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took the stand on Tuesday.
He said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was beaten with a plastic pipe.
Also said he was often forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children.
Said he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture.
The hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send both men to trial on charges of torture and child abuse.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates.
Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.
Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'
But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was reported missing on April 21 in Rhydyfelin.
She was found with'massive injuries' at a flat in Pontypridd, Wales.
Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said.
Jamie Carragher does not believe Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Simeone's Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu.
Carragher was proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Frankie Dettori will be left to concentrate on the British Flat season.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to race in France.
Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Ectot, unplaced for Al Shaqab in last year’s Arc having gone into the race one of the leading fancies having won the Prix Niel.
London Mayor pressed on leadership ambitions by Sky News anchor Kay Burley.
But he insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.
They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly, it was added.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain.
The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday.
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his three cats.
RSPCA said the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night.
The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France’s last eight Classique matches.
But the fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate Songkran.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be work of El Greco.
But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
One of his best qualities was that he never sought the limelight.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Britain came in at 41st place, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan.
The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month.
CCTV footage shows the man following three other potential victims.
He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties.
Police have also revealed they have the attacker's DNA but have found no match.
Zayn Malik has been accused of cheating on his fiancee Perrie Edwards.
The 22-year-old was pictured with a girl named Lauren Richardson in Thailand.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn.
Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole have also been linked to infidelity.
But Tracey Cox says that this could be because Zayn is younger.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The bullets were designed specifically for the gun by former watchmaker Paul Erard.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris on April 2.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself.
Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children.
Emily and Claire Vincenti were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012.
The girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mother every night.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the girls at their home near Florence and they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' she said.
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area.
It is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases.
Cappadocia, or 'Kapadokya' in Turkish, translates as 'land of the beautiful horses'
It was built to protect residents from invaders, but remains largely unexplored.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites.
The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, their own private grand foyer and glass elevator.
Construction has started on the building, which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects, and is due to be completed by 2019.
EU leaders agree package of measures to tackle escalating migrant crisis.
Pledge includes sending in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols.
British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin expected to be sent within days.
David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward'
Bayern Munich's sporting director Matthias Sammer has warned Pep Guardiola that the club must'make plans for the future before it is too late'
The 47-year-old joined Bayern's hierarchy in July 2012.
Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso.
Manchester United Under 21s went four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Adnan Januzaj captained the young Red Devils.
Jordan Brown levelled the scores on the stroke of half-time.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach.
In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Leeim was born prematurely because if spina b
Willy Junior sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13.
He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds.
Junior is currently employed at Menzies Aviation, which provides baggage services for airlines.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger's side have conceded just two goals in their last six games.
Jose Mourinho is up against the ultimate pragmatist - Wenger.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Nicole Mihai has been told she must leave her son, Chris, behind.
The 34-year-old was deported from New Zealand after a two-year relationship broke down.
She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris.
A ruling from the Family Court said Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Ms Mihae has had her temporary Visa extended until June 26.
However she said she will fight this battle until the end and will not give up her life with her son.
Tahlequah police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
The intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has now been arrested.
Police were baffled over the decision to use a children's toy to smuggle the stuff.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
The incident took place just before 8am Monday at a convenience store in New Orleans.
Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack.
Incident caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park.
Police are searching for a vandal who damaged a car park barrier while showing off his weightlifting moves.
Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke.
Costa is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday’s top-of-the-table clash.
Chelsea's 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke will deputise on the bench.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
The on-loan forward was introduced as a second-half substitute against Liverpool on Monday night.
Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United's 4-2 rout of Manchester City.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday night.
John Terry has warned Arsene Wenger his side will not win the league.
The Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas.
Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho after the game.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places, even with just five games left to play of the regular season.
Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich all have players who could be playing in the top flight next season.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers last December.
Belgian goalkeeper quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury.
The 27-year-old has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in 1995.
But paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013.
It was belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police.
The missed opportunity to bring Janner to justice echoes the case of Cyril Smith.
Labour MP Simon Danczuk has called for the Home Office to 'come clean'
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal since September.
But a mistake from Saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed Mame Diouf to equalise.
Substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Barkley was awarded a penalty for a foul on Aaron Lennon.
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Police in Shanghai seized three million fake condoms worth £1.3 million.
Police said lubricating oil used on condoms was so disgusting it made them sick.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
Miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
But eagle-eyed fans noticed that the singer had given her razor a night off.
One user commented: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me'
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations.
It works by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage.
Cancer cells that have a mutation in a BRCA gene rely completely on the PARP protein to fix the damage.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon.
Nikki Thomas, 27, from South Wales, appeared on This Morning.
She said her sister Jenna was murdered by her ex-boyfriend Philip Packer.
Jenna was strangled to death by Packer in a jealous rage in 2008.
Nikki said she wishes she had told her sister she didn't have to 'put up' with him.
Now she is urging others to learn from her sister's tragic story.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy.
She visited her GP for treatment for a water infection last Wednesday.
But she was told she must make up the missed time for the 'unauthorised absence'
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised the'mind-boggling' decision.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out a £20,000 clean-up operation.
They have removed 150 trolleys and six vehicles, one of which dates back over 40 years.
The work is being focused on an area between Windsor Bridge and Victoria Bridge in the city in preparation for a new development.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
The rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves were established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in October's Grand-Final.
Dom Manfredi scored his side's first try in the second half.
Joe Burgess added a second try 10 minutes from the end.
It was a second successive defeat for Saints.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days, visiting 35 countries and 70 cities, as part of their project 365 Docobites.
Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream, while Carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day, a plan they managed to stick to despite a few setbacks.
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear.
But Wolfsburg went down to a shock defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach.
Max Kruse scored a last-minute winner to earn the Foals a win.
The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
William Ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001.
He killed Russell Allen Baker, an acquaintance of his who was found dead.
But in 2012 his conviction was overturned by a judge who blasted his initial trial.
A key witness later recounted her testimony, and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection.
Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out of Hull clash with ankle injury.
Steven Davis could return to the side to face Hull.
Hull boss Steve Bruce yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor.
Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgium international.
Martinez believes the game presents the perfect environment to mark the death of former chairman Sir Philip Carter.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.
One image shows fighters from the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo.
Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Presenter scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton.
Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter 'c'
Stayt later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue.
Members of the university council ordered that the bronze sculpture was removed, after hearing its presence made black students feel uncomfortable.
The decision to move the monument of Rhodes has sparked protests in itself.
Image was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.
A Reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
Others suggested it was an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being.
Last month, a chilling image emerged on the 'Toowoomba Ghost Chasers' Facebook past, with its owner claiming it showed the ghost on a young drowning victim.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before council officers came'sprinting' to say she had committed a criminal offence.
Miss Copeland was issued with £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
After failing to pay, she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their fronts for the big day.
Many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting.
Murray's status means he has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities such as James Corden to the Prime Minister.
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti returned to the Ligue One side.
Laurent Blanc was not really shocked after the 2-0 defeat at the Nou Camp.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control', official said.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
Comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit, retaken from Islamic State group this week.
The Danish monarch waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace.
Her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45, were with her again for a slap-up lunch.
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday.
Sturridge has not played since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Liverpool have two more sessions before they travel south.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete slab fell on top of their pickup truck.
The couple had been married for five years and Hudson was only eight months old at the time of the crash.
Authorities thought that only one person had been killed, but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been crushed to death.
According to a former US Transport Secretary, Ray LaHood said there are 70,000 bridges that have been deemed structurally deficient across the nation.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community.
The Lowy Institute report says the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response.
It comes just a day after the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'
Sarah Ivens, 34, wanted to have a baby at the age of 34.
Her husband Russell was ready to be a father and she was financially secure.
Eleven months later, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell have two children William, and Matilda.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso in Great Eccleston, Lancashire.
Female driver in Toyota Aygo pulled in front of him as he was driving.
The collision was captured on film as Mr Kay fitted a camera to his dashboard.
He revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash.
But despite having evidence recorded on his dashcam, Mr Kay has now been told there will be no further action because the investigating officer went off sick.
Sebastien Pocognoli has been dropped from West Brom's starting 11.
The Belgian defender says he can't get his head around the decision.
Pocognoli insists he wants to stay in the Premier League.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
His last goal against Burnley meant the world because it was for someone special.
Ramsey has dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma.
About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
They include the family of former New England Patriots linebacker Junior Seau who committed suicide at his San Diego-area home in 2012.
Officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, report says.
They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns, it adds.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Shortly after firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, officer mistakenly fired on police vehicle carrying two other cops.
Justin Jackson accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey, Madonna and Johnny Depp.
Also accused of sending letters to five different hotels recommending him for jobs.
Claims date from around September 2013 to the end of 2014.
Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love.
Deathwatch beetles are living in the timber of Hay Castle in Wales.
The castle was built in the late 12th century by the Norman Lord William de Braose.
It was damaged by fire during the rebellion of Welsh chieftain Owain Glyndwr in 1401 and sacked again in 1460.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side.
The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John was told his cancer was terminal.
After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover parked outside a house.
Just seconds later, he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window.
Theft took place in Woodford Green, north London at 3.20am on Sunday.
Metropolitan Police are appealing for information to trace the thief.
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute.
Prominent in Aboriginal mythology, goannas eat anything from insects to birds and eggs through to large mammals like possums and cats.
Kelsey Higley, 22, studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.
She created a video entitled 'Manipulation' which shows what her body might look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes.
At its most extreme, Kelsey's body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes.
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Google Wallet allows users to send money to anyone in the US with a Gmail address, or request money on-the-go, directly from their bank account, debit card or Wallet Balance.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers.
The smaller size of the vessels means it can become a place where everybody who serves you soon knows your name.
Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him.
She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007.
The notorious Prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in Chicago on February 14, 1929, by hired killers dressed as policemen.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
He claims that his sister, sitcom star and comedienne Mindy Kaling, strongly disapproves of his book, Almost Black.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
David Seaman made one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United 12 years ago.
The 51-year-old says the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England.
Arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak.
Gary Teale claimed that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila believes that is an indictment rather than a boast.
The Hoops boss said that artificial pitches would be an improvement.
Teale hit back, saying: 'It's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface'
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the ball in her beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
She said it was 'pure luck'
The ball is now sitting in her apartment.
Kyle Seitz, 37, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
His lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Ben was dead
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia.
The former world No 1 has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them.
Woods recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Pele and Beckenbauer were reunited at the Empire State Building on Friday.
The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Pele, now 74, also had his say as the pair flicked the switch to turn on the lights.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim.
George Bailey will play second half of Sussex's T20 Blast campaign.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Insects are said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients.
The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them?
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
Ms Moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the Philippines.
Eight judges of the European Court of Human Rights found Russia justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live there more than 20 years ago.
Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations.
But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011.
Pablo Osvaldo believes Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should join him at Boca Juniors.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian club.
Osvaldo says the fans would love to have them line up on the La Bombonera pitch.
Karen Reidy, 40, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012.
The hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered he had been cheating on her for several months.
Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye.
Mr Allan describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
They said echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
In 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg.
Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian is valued at around £6million.
Tim Sherwood is also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, accused of assaulting youngster.
Allegedly slapped boy repeatedly during religious lessons at mosque.
Court heard attack happened when boy made mistakes with his studies.
It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye and suffered black eye.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager.
He has coached a host of world class players during that time.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Barcelona.
The 26-year-old found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham.
Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star, and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream.
The Daily Show host has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans.
Sources close to Noah told Daily Mail Online: 'Dani is an ex-girlfriend. They decided to go their separate ways and are not together anymore, they split a few months ago but are still friends'
Pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
HBO said it is 'actively assessing how this breach occurred'
Mark Dawe, head of Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board, said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests.
He compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam.
Said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway - and teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Chris McGovern, chairman of Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer in December.
Father-of-one visited doctors five times in two months but was dismissed.
He was sent home each time, reassured he was likely suffering a virus.
But after coughing up blood and being taken to A&E, an X-ray revealed a tumour.
Mr Rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
From being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls, to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you've run out of cotton wool.
Micky Adams is the 42nd manager to be sacked this season.
He was sacked on Sunday by Tranmere, rock bottom of the Football League.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola led his side to a 5-0 lead before half-time.
Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, jailed.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored the goals for United.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth place.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open.
British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori are also through to the last eight.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams in the women's competition.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
The retired security installer was in a hide 'with the intention of photographing small British birds'
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems.
Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since March 9.
But it is the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem that has caused the delay in Chamberlain's return to action, not the hamstring.
Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former Southampton man of his groin discomfort.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
She is accused of stabbing Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
Court heard how she flew into a rage when Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Elderfield's lover, Tony Steggles, had brought a large amount of alcohol to the boat, and a'sulky' Mr Dobinson had left to spend the afternoon with a friend.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by Steven Young.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
It’s been a long time coming as prosecco sales have overtaken champagne.
Sales bubbled along rather slowly, and by 2009 we were still only consuming just over two million bottles a year.
But five years on, that's leapt to a massive 28 million — most of the increase coming since 2012.
Isabelle Obert, who runs Nurture Me Fertility, believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
She explains how the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy.
Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility.
Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday afternoon.
Steven Gerrard was poor in midfield, as he has been all season.
Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Brendan Rodgers.
Raheem Sterling managed just 18 passes in the match.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer as he continues his recovery from knee surgery.
Carroll had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers.
He is said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl.
Ewing allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing.
Court heard how he told officers a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling revealed in a BBC interview that he would have signed a lot less a year ago.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers must convince Sterling to sign a new deal.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille for £10million last summer.
The 20-year-old striker has scored nine goals this season.
Origi has been in regular contact with compatriot Simon Mignolet.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
He's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy, being drunk in public during Schoolies' week on the Gold Coast, being a public nuisance and becoming involved in a brawl at a skate park.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance.
Novitzky was involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
UFC announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol following a string of high-profile failed tests.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Roma moved level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points.
Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat Cagliari later on Sunday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a'religious nutcase' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist.
Her colleague Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity.
The pair had discussed Islam and Christianity, as well as work done by her church at the Christian Revival Church in the O2 Arena in Greenwich against human trafficking.
Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint and the East London NHS Foundation Trust suspended her for nine months while they investigated in June 2013.
A disciplinary hearing upheld three complaints about the book, invitation to attend
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan Dunn, 24, model new eyewear range Gabardine.
Pair show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin.
First teamed up for Burberry's spring/summer 2015 campaign.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
The designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
Each biological subject was turned into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric.
Alpha Delta is responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Results showed that gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected.
Learning the second task
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight of his relatives.
The university student was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport, plus a 30-year old man arrested in the Rochdale area.
Police have said the six people arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
He was one of five musicians who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played on its first two albums.
The members of Lynyrd Skynyrd dedicated their song Free Bird to his memory.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season against Cordoba.
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico Madrid but have a game in hand.
Saul Niguez doubled Atletico's lead in the 39th minute.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro in the 82nd minute.
Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle the tie.
Brugge were held to a goalless draw in Belgium last week.
The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
The situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
Cookie barked at Joseph Devaney and Kieron Rolstron as they burst into their home.
Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking.
The terrier suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated.
He is recovering at home in Clayton Brook, near Chorley, Lancashire.
Both men were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China.
Her mother, named only as Ms Li, said: 'We left after our baby girl fell asleep. Who knew this would happen?'
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Surrey.
After incident, he said: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza.
O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Ahmed was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week.
He was one of a group of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children aged from one to 11.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
York's parents believe she left home around 4am Sunday with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.
On Sunday, family and friends helped search for Lauren on her bike, and posted missing child posters around the community and online.
Mike Fitzgerald will be a Leicester Tigers lock next season.
The 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Fitzgerald will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December.
She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas.
In an adorable video uploaded to Instagram by Taronga Zoo, Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud.
As she rolled over to snuggle up, the echidna moved away but Chloe still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page.
Within a couple of days it had been shared thousands
Adele Berry contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill last month.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
The man has now been suspended by the network provider.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat took the lead at the Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday.
Aphibiaarnrat began the third round one shot behind Peter Uihlein.
Uihlein had carded two birdies and one bogey on the front nine.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo.
The Uruguayan has been in fine form since his £75million move from Liverpool.
He admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca.
Suarez admitted that the bite on Giorgio Chiellini was the worst moment of his career.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty.
The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710.
Today, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Sarao appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got stuck in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had ballooned to 17st.
Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock.
Both players are retiring from professional rugby at the end of May.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game at Stamford Bridge.
Jose Mourinho's side now sit 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account.
John Foran was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found shard.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Spytty Retail Park near the couple’s home in Newport, South Wales, within the last two weeks.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move.
Live music will be played by Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs.
But when her 10-year-old son bounded up to her yelling'mum' she succumbed to 'total shock'
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
A confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life.
Toro came to the United States and eventually began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
He wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship.
That has not happened and Toro is now technically living in the US illegally after declining health forced him to retire.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the Germanwings plane crash that claimed 150 lives.
The crash in the French Alps has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28.
He is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside.
But Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final.
Mark McCall's side face Clermont in the semi-finals on April 18.
Clermont have not lost in Europe since 2008.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points at Craven Cottage.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat.
Groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 (£145/$215)
The lighthouse keeper's cottage was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families would inhabit the island.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently.
His driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle.
She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television.
Stuart McCall was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts.
It was a crucial triumph that moves Gers back into second place in the Scottish Championship.
McCall still does not know if he will remain in charge beyond the summer.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013.
He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later was told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
The father-of-three organised his own funeral and booked St David's Church for his funeral, in late January 2014.
As preparations got underway he picked the site for his family to scatter his ashes and penned a heart-wrenching letter to be read to his children after his death.
But he managed to make a remarkable recovery and was
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
Mourinho left Madrid in 2013 and rejoined Chelsea in 2013.
Arbeloa handed a portion of the credit for last season's Champions League win to Mourinho.
The former Liverpool defender has made 25 first-team appearances this season.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
But instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
The 14-year-old is fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house in Kosi Kalan, in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura district.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother, who doused her with water.
Officials last month banned India's Daughter, a documentary about the gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The 46-year-old mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation.
Adrian couldn't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond.
Super speakers were found to have less activity in Broca's region of the brain.
This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
Sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit, but it seems you need the right wits in the first place to be able to recognise it.
England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland in Group D.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions.
The tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009, but legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates, effectively halting all executions while the courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
The Easter Road side failed to convert dominance into a goal.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from her garden.
The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available.
It comes after the Queen revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food.
Six dancers were filmed twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument.
Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war.
Two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days.
The women's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark 70th anniversary of WWII victory.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
It is currently only available to selected people for testing.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home’
Facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, the links they click on and their searches.
The National Bar Association is calling for Clarence Habersham, 37, to be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second office to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Slager, 33, has been fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder last week.
The father of four was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning.
He is wanted for the murders of his mother and sister Bernadette and Sarah.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
The couple's family said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Britt McHenry, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C.
She has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'
The former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) before landing.
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
In April 2014, Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning.
Manning has had her name officially changed to Chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy while in prison.
She was also permitted to have some amenities, including makeup and underwear, but is not allowed to grow her hair long.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Mimi is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old Joshua Teague.
Joshua’s dad Phil, 56, a computer programmer, bought the cat when she was eight-weeks-old in December 2013 from a seller who lived in Birmingham.
Freddie Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', sources told ABC News.
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website.
Amazon must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions'
The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with Manchester City and Real Madrid.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp has'more right' to take over at City.
Juan Agudelo scored his first international goal since March 2011.
The 20-year-old was thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades.
Morris pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna.
Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against Manny Pacquiao.
Boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of 147 lb welter limit.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing yesterday.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp.
Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world's highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
She claimed on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes.
Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
The spiraliser gadget turns vegetables into spaghetti, helping to boost weight loss.
Freekeh is a young green wheat roasted to remove the husks.
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital.
The hotel has 267 rooms, four of which have been decorated by trendy artists.
Tiger Woods joined Miguel Angel Jimenez on the practice ground at Augusta National.
The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his wedge game.
Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, on Wednesday.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Portuguese coach.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United for John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to the Parkhead club on deadline day in January.
Jackie McNamara's side have won just three of their 14 games since.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
It could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia.
But industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, describing them as ‘overly optimistic’
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet.
The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - could have been euthanized.
Lt. Dan was named for the character in Forest Gump who lost both of his legs.
Obama unveils executive order to freeze or block assets of hackers.
He said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious national security challenges'
Hackers working in China and Russia target U.S. defense contractors.
Also targeted banks and North Korea went after Sony Pictures.
But privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order.
Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targeted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind.
Thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
She was told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain.
Teenager offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was refused.
But only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin.
QPR striker Austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave Loftus Road.
Everton were among Premier League clubs who watched Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
Unable to leave the packed train, she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him.
Now more than two years after his release, Mr Rodwell fears he may be in for another fight.
Under Australian law, victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
But for that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
Liverpool have released their new kit for the 2015-16 Premier League season.
New Balance will supply the strip for the next three seasons.
Liverpool have had their kit manufactured by Warrior for the past three years.
Sportsmail picks out five of the Reds' most memorable kits.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
A year ago, Darrell Clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how Rovers fell out of the Championship.
If Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
For most of her adult life, she was in and out of hospital suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks.
Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
Miss McCormick managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride.
Yingying Dou, 30, ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
It was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the site.
Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - last month said it had expelled two students, suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct.
Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban for breaching betting laws.
The 35-year-old admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
Simonsen's legal team have confirmed he will not face a further suspension.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from home in Punjab.
Group of about half a dozen men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them.
But instead of defending them, bus staff joined in the sexual assault.
Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus, but he started driving faster.
The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province.
Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land Neto, according to his agent.
Liverpool were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season.
A January move for Neto never materialised but the Brazilian looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office.
The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of  Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Chairman of the council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
AP McCoy will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
O'Neill also has entered Champagne Present in the Listed Select Hurdle.
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013 tour of England.
Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Guptill smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
The move is in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence.
They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since.
The 2005 race in Shanghai also proved to be the end of an era as the popular underdogs Minardi raced for the final time.
Michael Schumacher collided with Christijan Albers' Minardi while driving out the pit-lane to the grid before the start of the 2005 race.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with mystery blonde in his club T-shirt.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. It's disgusting'
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday morning because of an 'unknown problem'
When they arrived at the home around 12:40am, they found 37-year-old Adeyinka Ademamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both shot five-under-par 67.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson both shot 70.
Stone tools were discovered west of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
Experts believe they were used hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as Homo.
Don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million.
American Pie was released in 1971 and was No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
Indulging in two hot cross buns (without jam and butter) will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.
She is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain. She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile.
Nigel Jackson, 59, accused of murdering wife Brenda Davidson, 72, in Portugal.
At the time he said she committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But he has now written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died.
He says he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Roger Federer was knocked out of the tournament by Gael Monfils.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned as an infant and his mother abandoned him behind a dumpster on November 21, 1989.
Michael Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, but was beaten to it.
Buelna and his adoptive parents Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County met for the first time last week.
The two share a special bond, as the retired officer was abandoned by his mother as a young child, too, along with his four siblings.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-final on March 9.
A 15-year-old boy posted a vile, racist rant under the username @angeIsleftfoot.
The tweet continued with sickening references that are too offensive to publish here.
Officers from Greater Manchester Police launched a probe and made an arrest.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in Kirkwood Community College's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Corey Jones, a graphic design student, said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters – and he plans to ask her about it on Tuesday.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number isn't stored in your contacts book.
It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League last four.
Pep Guardiola's side were beaten 3-1 in the first leg in Portugal last week.
The Spaniard arrived at Bayern after their 2013 treble-winning season.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
Over 120 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Rolando Aarons may not play again this season after suffering another injury setback.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app's police-tracking function.
Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers in December while they sat in their squad car.
Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of exam.
But the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog Holly.
After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann will be appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election.
She would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
Dr Altmann would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Stuart McCall donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the Bradford burns unit that cared for his father.
The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985.
The 69-year-old actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
In an interview with Times2, the actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible'
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011.
He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
The West Australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a return to his homeland Atletico Madrid.
Spanish midfielder has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from the Spanish capital.
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
The fact that so many wound up opting for the big camera likely had to do with the number of serious hobbyists.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on April 16.
The 68-year-old had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease.
Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway hit back, saying: 'Well then, I shall return to this matter after the election. You have been most unwise'
Alessandra Ambrosio underwent the procedure on Tuesday.
She is being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood, Los Angeles.
The Brazilian supermodel was seen partying at the Coachella festival on Sunday.
Eddie Howe is the man who has got Bournemouth buzzing.
He is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled.
His extrovert assistant, Jason Tindall, provides the instructions and the demands, with Eddie making his feelings known in a calm and gentle fashion.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves.
The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in danger of relegation.
Carver says he has been on the receiving end of criticism from fans.
Wandsworth council in London is set to remove the rule giving priority to siblings.
The move comes amid an escalating crisis over places fuelled by a baby boom and immigration.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Police say the woman wouldn't pull up to drive-through window at around 3.30am.
Instead of purchasing food and driving away, Kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward.
Kelm told officers she had three beers, but a sobriety test indicated her alcohol content was three times the legal limit.
Steven Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in FA Cup final on his 35th birthday.
Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against Manchester United on March 22.
But Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to ongoing efforts to repair relations between police departments and minority communities.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Days earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Overcome with emotion, Bobby, tweeted: 'Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum, I will never be able to thank you enough'
President Barack Obama granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013.
The waiver exempts the agency from providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US.
Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike.
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on  the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams were killed in November 2012.
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa.
On Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week.
In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list.
The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th place.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
It has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface.
The reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable.
Instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat, it keeps its position.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger.
The robot was put through its paces in front of an incredulous audience.
It's hoped the robot will be free of its operator by the end of the series.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.
The alleged poaching vessel issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday.
All 40 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued and are being taken to the Sao Tome, in the Gulf of Guinea after receiving food, water and medical attention.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 Waitrose branches.
Later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker.
It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
The Niva is available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
The IMF is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of two.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent for 2016.
Reading had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford on a Monday.
The Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve so the FA Cup can be preserved.
Ipswich Town beat Cardiff City 2-1 in their Premier League clash.
Cole Skuse scored his first goal since joining from Bristol City in July 2013.
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the first half.
Cardiff equalised five minutes later through Eoin Doyle.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg went for a walk near her Santa Monica home on March 24.
The 15-year-old autistic teenager has not been seen since.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help.
She said: 'It is the worst thing you could ever imagine happening'
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.
The Canadian lost both her singles matches to Romania's Alexandra Dulgheru.
Bouchard reached last year's Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret.
But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices submitted by politicians.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published - rather than a summary of the claim put in by MPs.
Case stems from a Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010 - just a year after the MPs' expenses scandal erupted.
Boy, 7, raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy food.
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him.
When he resisted, they set him on fire, police said.
Boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, managed to escape.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They found a small horse chained to the ground in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round.
Another horse was chained to a grassy area nearby and had no room to move.
Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night.
Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
The Brazilian 'can't understand why he is subbed so much'
Barcelona are still top of La Liga, and challenging for a treble.
Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead in the 57th minute after Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty.
Carvalho collided with Monaco defender Aymen Abdennour as he made his way towards goal.
The Chile international scored from the spot in the second half to give his side a 2-1 lead.
Juventus travel to Stade Louis II for the second leg of the quarter-final next Wednesday.
Charlie Patino, 11, and his parents Julio and Katy weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
The Patinos are absorbing the enormity of the offers on the table before they come to a decision at the end of the season.
There are no guarantees that Charlie, who is a season ticket holder at Luton with his dad, will go on to make the grade when he eventually makes a decision.
Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair flight.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane.
The flight was due to leave Britain for the Algarve at 7pm yesterday.
Bristol Airport confirmed the passengers' actions delayed the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing and would be serving shorter punishments had they been convicted today.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his disciplinary record.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night.
The Ibrox side face Raith in the Premiership play-off on Sunday.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum.
Results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
The study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German has failed to score since arriving in Serie A in January.
Podolski says he is ready to fight for his place at Arsenal in the summer.
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995.
Now Mr Ballard, 26, plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River.
He was thrown in with Angelika Graswald on Sunday evening.
She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
On Monday she asked friends to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife.
The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service.
In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies: How to Fly for Free and How to Find Free Flights.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger, revealed at its recent f8 conference in San Francisco.
It allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them.
Users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan.
The badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year.
He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the National Crime Agency's Operation Captura campaign.
Civil Guard officers in Alicante confirmed today they believe Monk may be implicated in the violent death and named him as an associate of Paul Scott.
Ed Miliband explicitly ruled out allowing another Scottish independence referendum.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
His intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
He said the SNP were 'determined to prise apart the United Kingdom'
Two incidents have raised concerns about security of shipping lanes in Strait of Hormuz.
First incident was revealed after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris.
Four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots across the bows and boarding the vessel.
Chelsea quartet celebrate Thai New Year with kick-ups at Cobham.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown were joined by Stamford the Lion during the game.
The quartet celebrated the Songkran festival with the traditional activity of throwing water at each other.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo, Chris Smalling and Marouane Fellaini have all proved their worth.
The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault.
She struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment.
Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine addict and branded her 'Miss Bonkers'
Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' who had suffered 'disgraceful' harassment.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.
The 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect.
Figures reveal total of 617 youngsters under ten in West Midlands between 2009 and 2014.
Nine-year-old boy investigated on suspicion of criminal damage, five suspected of sexual offences.
A nine-year old girl also linked to a case of criminal damage.
Figures released after Freedom of Information Act request by West Midlands Police.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe's naked body was found in woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken.
Pole had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife.
He had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week, and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family who had emigrated there.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris claims the two are 'crazy for each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'
She has a 28-year-old son from a previous relationship and met Mr Holpin through Plenty Of Fish in 2012 - and he's still on the site.
The pair are now inseparable and spend their days watching horror films and going for long walks.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia.
Shocked residents feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud, covering them in a strange dark residue.
No official comments have been given on what caused the bizarre red sky.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 defeat at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup at the Stade de France.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury.
Widow, 97, lives in care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire.
She owns a £600,000 house, savings and shares worth £100,000.
Judge Denzil Lush said the sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs.
Instead he appointed a court deputy to carry out this role.
The National Rifle Association's annual meeting attracts more than 70,000 people.
CEO Wayne LaPierre celebrated the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate as evidence of the group's political clout.
But he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was attacked in September last year, as he left his shop.
He broke into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy.
The 16-year-old attacker tried to stop the victim and ordered him to apologise.
Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the floor.
His mother, Kim, 43, said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'
She said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
Killer, now 17, jailed for eight months
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
He allegedly targeted them during army interview and screening process.
Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas.
Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott has released a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday.
Ms Scott's sister describes their long-distance relationship while she lived in Wagga Wagga.
She describes the moment of their engagement in Thailand, and that it was 'the happiest moment' for the popular teacher.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan.
Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
Aidan Coleman rides The Druids Nephew on Saturday.
Coleman stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty.
The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday.
But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
Chapman was seen carrying their four-year
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients.
Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family in Mosul, Iraq, last August.
She was taken to a warehouse where hundreds of women were lined up.
They were then taken to house where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped.
Hanan managed to escape with some of the other girls by jumping out of a window.
But she says she shakes with fear every time she sees'someone with a beard'
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida, on Wednesday afternoon.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February.
With a debt repayment deadline looming on May 1, Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the IMF.
Greece's biggest tax office had its electricity cut off yesterday after the finance ministry failed to pay its power bills.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea.
The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney.
The cyclone strength winds currently battering the NSW coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
A floodwater rescue operation is underway in Hunter area where there have been
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, but was banned from swimming in September.
The 29-year-old American will return to the pool in Arizona next week.
Phelps will compete at Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault at Swindon Crown Court on Friday.
He also admitted assaulting two men after drinking heavily at a party.
Ashton Taylor has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson.
The 21-year-old Perth student was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in July 2013.
She has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years.
Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson's cancer story but an apology won't cut it.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo on Sunday.
The Celta striker was frustrated with the Barcelona midfielder's time-wasting tactics.
Busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye.
Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday night.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
He even customises the self-penned couplets according to stations.
Alan Barnes was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear.
He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.
Mr Barnes, 67, was handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house today.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play due to a dislocated shoulder.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township early Sunday morning.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
A guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago.
The club decided to take action as soon as a defeat at Everton meant Champions League qualification was no longer possible.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four, despite an up-and-down season.
Philippe Saint-Andre has struggled as head coach of Les Bleus.
He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of the national side.
The FFR launched the application process to find his replacement on Friday.
Candidates have until April 25 to declare their bid for the job.
Serena Williams reached the Miami Open final on Saturday.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams has lost only five sets on tour this season.
She has won the last two grand slams at the US Open and in Melbourne.
Wiliams was forced to withdraw ahead of the semi finals at Indian Wells.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime.
Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed'
The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia.
Their fighters are waging a battle against ISIS in Syria and have reportedly attacked their headquarters in the Lebanese city of Arsal.
Roberto Cinti was driving the Ferrari 599 GTO in Anzio, Italy.
He mistook the brake for the throttle and ploughed through the shop front.
The driver blamed the car's semi-automatic transmission for bamboozling him.
Only three Ferraris have been designated GTO and only 599 of the latest model were produced.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a new propaganda video.
He has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil.
The militant is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
The Commission's investigation, opened in September 2012, had initially covered Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Manchester United host rivals City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie has been ruled out of the game with ankle trouble.
Louis van Gaal has said he has been dreaming of beating City.
United boss also ruled out a return for Luke Shaw.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
With their device, the company says this ‘gap’ in aviation security can be plugged, and it can scan an entire plane in about 20 minutes.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year.
According to a Denver Police Department report, the TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
The male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport.
Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, TSA only investigated in February.
David Nicholson, 48, accused of sending explicit messages to prostitute.
Said he was 'keen' on her dressing up like a pupil and was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee'
Married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since correspondence came to light last month.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990.
Forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal of the game at the Etihad.
James Milner was substituted in the second half after a strop.
Louis van Gaal blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they believe a private education is the best way to achieve it.
So desperate are they to get their son Craig – known to them as CJ – into a local prep school that they’ve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees.
They've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers and pinned their hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday.
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season.
The result heaps more pressure on boss Rafael Benitez, who has not matched the success of his first season.
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya last year.
She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days.
Adekoya then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods.
Police Scotland launched an internal investigation into the claims.
At least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed.
Image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
As a result they can help a person sleep and improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats.
Blueberries have been linked to a range of health benefits including improved heart health, cancer prevention, enhanced brain function and improved eyesight.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
Claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy.
De Blasio has yet to back Clinton, despite being campaign manager of her U.S. Senate bid in 2000.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus.
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Experts have said climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
But one European scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
The softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate.
The 74-year-old former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
Abraham sat out the rest of the debate as a doctor evaluated her backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop due to the unforgiving stage lights.
She appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
Mick McCarthy hails 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of Ipswich players.
Town were held to a 1-1 draw by Wolves at Molineux on Saturday.
The win moves Town closer to securing a place in the Championship play-offs.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
Officer John Moynihan, 34, was shot in the face by Angelo West, 41.
West then jumped out of the car and shot Moynan at close range.
Moynihan was released from the hospital yesterday after weeks of recovery.
The Boston Police Department described his current condition as'serious but improving'
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side.
Only the ECB's hopeless media team could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of ANZAC Day on Twitter.
He called it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid said McIntyre's comments were 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and labelling his tweet a 'token apology'
Sisters Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke says Tories have become 'too right-wing' to win an election outright.
Former Chancellor also warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Mr Clarke served under Margaret Thatcher, John Major and David Cameron.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year’s absence.
The US Public Links champion opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
American amateur Byron Meth continues to impress at Augusta.
Kim and Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Chief executive of Europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper.
Mr O’Leary said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers.
He claimed most European airlines have an average ticket price of €170 for a short flight.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset.
The estate, which is on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a Prince George House.
Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment.
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the most decorated footballers ever.
Ronaldo ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
The 38-year-old has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Keith Cameron scammed his dying friend and neighbour out of £476,864.
The 54-year-old promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
Jonathan's wife, Elizabeth, said: 'My daughters and I will be dealing with the consequences of his crime'
Bubba Watson is four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International.
Watson was struggling on one over after 13 holes on Thursday.
The American's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place, with home hope Huang setting the early running.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
His manager Colonel Tom Parker had it ferried to concert venues in an armoured truck and under armed guards.
Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick.
Kassick, 59, was shot in the back as he lay face down on the ground on February 2.
She claimed she shot Kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home Thursday morning.
Police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute.
Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home.
The whereabouts of his wife are not known.
Portishead founder Geoff Barrow said he received just £1,700 in royalties.
He said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal.
Barrow, who heads up record label Invada, said: 'You used to write a piece of music and people paid you to listen to it'
Artists have long railed against low royalties paid from streaming companies.
Jay Z launched his own Tidal service this month, promising bigger returns.
Five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son's life support.
Matt Henry, who was friends with Stuart, said ice was the 'drug of choice in Western Australia' because it was so readily available through their sailor friends
The sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length.
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
The deal included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club.
There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
But the Uruguayan hasn't impressed for PSG this season.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young talent he can mould.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
The first Russian plane brought Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, Sanaa.
Premier League and Football League will observe minute's silence this weekend.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored a second-half winner for the hosts.
Cameron Jerome was brought down by Brighton captain Gordon Greer.
The bus was carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game.
The driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said.
Security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit.
None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent.
Crime victims in Bedfordshire and Devon are waiting an extra couple of minutes.
Labour's Yvette Cooper said victims of crime were being put at risk.
The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image on Facebook.
In it, she is seen beaming while holding deadly weapon while holding weapon.
She captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me",'
She then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported.
Holmes, who lives in Virginia, has been charged with harassment by computer.
Facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and $2,500 fine.
Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind.
His account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls.
Other accounts say that some of its former adherents are changing the towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her daughter Alice to go to school.
Alice's brothers Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia, in February.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two young cubs also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in Omsk, west Russia, after their mother was shot by a hunter.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed.
Footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey.
The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
Scientists have reported multiple cases of cape fur seals attacking blue sharks off coast of South Africa.
Divock Origi was voted second most overrated player in a poll by France Football.
The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup.
Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off.
His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs.
He was found dumped on the side of the A3 near New Malden and Parsons Green.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year.
70 per cent of women rely on pure chance, while 47 per cent rely on pot luck.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
It will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £500 million being staked globally.
Leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy.
Saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
Found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous.
She began six months of chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring with his 26th goal of the season.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled Juve's lead after 17 minutes.
Sampdoria held to a goalless draw by Cesena on Saturday.
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray.
Gray, 25, died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she discovered the mirror.
She filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone, revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall.
Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of the two-way mirror.
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women were kidnapped by ISIS last year.
They have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions.
Doctors are also allegedly performing secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity'
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags, and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood', she had no problem telling him the area didn't actually belong to him.
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder for shooting Kendre Allen, 18, in the hip in late March and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles since before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
The pictures were taken over a four month period from April to July last year across Asia.
Mr Gable is already working on a new related project documenting corn production and after that, he plans to do a similar investigation of wheat.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36.
Stoll was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday.
The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe.
The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he drove it at 180mph in a 40mph zone on Isle of Man TT course.
Mr Martin said he was'revving with excitement' when he saw the speedometer.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by the travelling fans at every away game for the ‘two caps for Wembley’ loyalty scheme.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm on Friday.
Police have charged Steven Vander Briel, 30, with first-degree murder and abduction in the death of Mann.
Briel is the daughter of Thomas Mann, a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County, and Melissa Mann.
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25.
The 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ‘corrupting public morals’
The organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘biased and unfair’ Independent Press Standards Organisation.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with Ms Ripa along with a host of other stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour.
His colleague, Dr Robert Anolik, who worked with Brandt at his practice, posted a moving tribute on Monday.
The acclaimed dermatologist wrote: 'Dr. Fredric Brandt died yesterday. For nearly 5 years, Fred and I worked side by side. He
The 39-year-old stunner fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue.
Mrs Kebede is the first black woman of colour to grace the cover of Vogue in five years.
British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a black model on its cover.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask.
The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'
He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart condition before she was born.
She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday, but defied doctors.
Now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF)
Will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records.
Sceptics claim adjustments are usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards.
Panel will also examine 'extrapolations' - when records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire yesterday.
Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements had been removed before the fire broke out.
The 68-year-old former US President said he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped propel him to victory.
Mrs Clinton is expected to launch her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
Mr Clinton added that his wife 'would have to assess what she wants me to do'
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year.
This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour - began to uncover the gory details.
The damning evidence they uncovered suggests that tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed on
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
The researchers were able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them, which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers.
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl.
Blackpool’s recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch, with paying customers regularly protesting at the ownership of their club.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday.
The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks, attending rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina’s birthday earlier in the week.
They were joined by stars including Helen Mirren, Bryan Cranston, Ansel Elgort, Darren Criss, Olivia Wilde and Christoph Waltz.
The tiny copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
It suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean.
On one side there is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of Carthage.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in June 2011.
She was found with a dictaphone which had recorded her'suicide note'
Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping Ms Forde commit suicide.
The taxi driver is accused of making arrangements for the wheelchair-bound woman to travel to Zurich, Switzerland, and also helping her to buy and administer a toxic substance.
Ms Forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after suffering substantial injuries in a car accident in the car park of Brown Thomas in Dublin.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Teenagers detained at their homes in Coventry during 6am raid today.
A 39-year-old man also held on suspicion of fundraising for terrorism.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before driving.
He was seen speeding through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, a court heard.
Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines.
Hendry, who played for Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City, must travel around on his bike.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The Manchester United striker has scored one Premier League goal this season.
Rooney practices his free-kicks every day, and often hits the target.
Wilson also praised Radamel Falcao's predatory instincts.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival.
It is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Three dogs - a Husky called Sky and a Springer Spaniel called Sadie - take their positions on their make-shift stage in Bahama, North Carolina.
Getting the tune underway, Sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something – Sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
Bizarre pictures show models hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen.
Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears.
But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear.
Photographer Olga Barantseva said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears'
Taken in Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
The majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his Sheffield Hallam constituency.
Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
But a poll by Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard - compared with 34 per cent who said they would support the Deputy Prime Minister.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance with Graham Gooch.
But he appears to have overdone it against the West Indies.
Cook's greatest asset is his mental strength, and what he needs to do in matches is give himself 20 minutes to get settled.
SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament.
Ms Sturgeon believes the coalition's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the SNP's hand.
But Labour leader Ed Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists.
Newcastle United host Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games.
Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests.
People paying £150 a week to live in flats in Mayfair and Covent Garden.
They are now worth millions of pounds and can occupy properties worth £1m.
Right to buy scheme being extended to housing association tenants.
Philomena Nugent, a model based in New York, plans to buy her a property.
Housing Associations have opposed the proposals to sell their costly buildings at discounted prices.
Aaron Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship.
The 24-year-old has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Cook has received a Moldovan passport and will compete for them at Rio 2016.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday night.
The Reds lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Philippe Coutinho believes securing silverware would save their season.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster.
SsangYong is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle.
Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 and seven airbags.
David Marshall stabbed Eni Mevish in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended him on a canal towpath.
Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
The pair met six months earlier when she was out jogging and Marshall was 'jealous' of her other friendships.
Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years and six months behind bars.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old kayaker was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer, also calling into question the circumstances surrounding the incident.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading drew 6.9 million viewers.
Sky and the BBC blamed each other for scheduling the clash.
Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea.
Alastair Cook was upset with Jonathan Agnew for being positive about Kevin Pietersen's World Cup stint with Test Match Special.
Giles Clarke missed the Test in Antigua not because of anything to do with his doomed five-year deal for T20 matches.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
Sky Sports decided to screen the match live but Hibs hit out at the move.
The Scottish Professional Football League said it was puzzled by the fall-out.
Iraqi officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad.
His body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health today.
Al Douri, 72, headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in Romania with severe pain in her abdomen.
She told medics she believed she was in labour and was prepared to deliver the child.
But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Doctors carried out an operation to remove the tumour and she was transferred to intensive care.
Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Ms Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent.
She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage.
But she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the Premier League.
He scored three at Hillsborough in 1998.
Harry Kane has matched Owen's best-ever Premier League season total.
Kane will try to prove his outstanding season is not a fluke.
Lee Keeley, 38, attacked his ex-partner in the middle of a courtroom.
He hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest.
The victim suffered a cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear, a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs.
Keeley was jailed for two years and given restraining order.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester Tigers.
The flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle.
Croft missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine on Saturday afternoon.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer Oliver Sherwood’s wretched record in the race.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths.
The schoolchildren, from years three to six, were to visit cathedral before taking a tour of the mosque and observing a congregational prayer.
But 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week's school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns'
Sally Cox, 39, a self-employed cleaner from Lerryn, Cornwall, has also blocked her son Jed Pearce, 10,
Antonia van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf and rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg.
Then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days.
On the seventh day he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their relationship in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20' on Friday.
The pair first met when she was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and she was his teacher.
After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together.
She also has four children from a previous marriage.
Emirates and Etihad Airways were traveling in opposite directions between the Gulf and the island nation of Seychelles.
The incident occurred over the Arabian Sea when the two planes were passing each other.
Both airlines insist safety was never compromised.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
The 33-year-old had accused her of having an affair with her partner.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at a charity event.
She left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Dundee in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings was given a retrospective ban for blocking Leigh Griffiths' goal.
But Ronny Deila has called for the defender to be spared a ban.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick, known as Etch, died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
Her funeral will be held this Friday.
The 450kg beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival last week in Yining County in north Xinjiang.
The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom.
Jemima says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
The actress says she has never shied away from discussing her own experiences.
Daniel, five, made the unwitting admission during an ITV interview.
It comes as Miliband wheeled out his children for the cameras.
The comment was made during an interview in which the Milibands cook eggs.
But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox wants to emulate Manchester United's Class of '92.
Wilcox was let go by his current employers as a teenager.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard scored a career-best 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
Stephen Curry had 24 points, but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by Leonard.
Houston overcame Russell Westbrook's 11th triple-double of the season to beat Oklahoma City 115-112.
LeBron James recorded his first triple double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Trooper Abraham Martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week.
The incident unfolded in December 2012 when Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston.
Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license.
Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the motorcyclist once in the thigh.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed.
The 39-year-old actress had the procedure, known as an oophorectomy, in March.
Two years before, she had a double mastectomy as she carries the gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer.
Shirley Temple's ex-husband John Agar tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
Agar also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much.
His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) is a severe form of morning sickness.
It causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the condition.
HG affects about one in 100 expectant mothers a year.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
The 41-year-old accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
The Spice Girl wore them for a flight to London from LA last week.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over.
Picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9m in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.
It included a £1m cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign.
Jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from Rockland, Massachusetts.
He fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died a hospital in the Greek capital.
His death follows that of Joshua Rose, a 17-year-old student at the school.
Patrick Sullivan, 17, was killed in a New Year's Eve car crash.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy.
Among the feel-good experiences were said to be fresh sheets and popping bubble wrap.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style.
Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles, which was the case when he was at Wigan when they were in relegation battles every season.
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula said that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples.
She said that the more complicated the assembly, the more likely your new purchase will leave you and your partner at odds.
'The store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' she said.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
In one theory, a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said the impact of Theia with Earth was so violent, the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon.
The team said their theory largely rules out the idea that Theia was of similar composition, or that the moon formed from only material contained in the
James Rodriguez puts Real Madrid ahead with a stunning left-footed volley.
Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored 21 goals in his last four games against Almeria.
Almeria have won two out of their last three and are trying to bring that confidence into this one.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian.
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over Arsenal move.
Kenyan midfielder joined Southampton from Celtic for £12.5million in 2013.
Wanyama has been linked with a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Radamel Falcao has endured a frustrating season on loan at Manchester United.
The striker has scored just four goals for United since his loan move.
But Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev said they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season.
Under the terms of the original loan United would have to pay £43.5m.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world's finest athletes.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga.
Tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
The Rack City rapper has been making headlines for dating Kylie Jenner.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it, before finally voting on it.
Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.
The five-year-old has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
His parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, decided to fast track their wedding.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get permission from Archbishop of Canterbury.
Manchester City have been reined in by Financial Fair Play.
Gary Neville believes a star player would prefer to go to Premier League rivals.
Neville believes City need to be bold and take on FFP regulations.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him with Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album.
Each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
Because males, which grow up to 20 inches (50cm) long, are fiercely territorial, their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away.
Scientists from ISPA University Institute in Portugal studied the different sounds made by the fish, which contracts muscles in its swim bladders to release air.
They found that mute males were more likely to face intruders in their
Photographer Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter.
The Flash Pack is a small group flashpacking tour company based in Sapa, Vietnam.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
It was Brendan Rodgers' first loss in the semi-finals since 1990.
Coutinho scored his seventh goal of the campaign in the 30th minute.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings flight's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page.
Her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt.
A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville.
Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful'
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them cross the busy high street and dashed to help them.
But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office.
They stayed for the morning wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls.
Restaurateurs in Italy are so angry with the US corporation they will take them to court.
The row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
A top pizza chef described the advert as 'blasphemy' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald's of a'shameful' attack.
Patrick Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
He was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say.
Fredricksen has now been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology company's building in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Saturday morning.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
The person under arrest would be arraigned Monday in Cambridge District Court on charges of being an accessory after the crime of assault and battery and improper disposal of human remains.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine.
The Cubs and Wrigley Field claimed the problem began when two bathrooms on the upper deck 'went down temporarily'
A 4WD has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west.
Three of the four children have died and one remains in a serious condition.
Police believe that all the children are under the age of six.
The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Children's Hospital.
A police spokeswoman said that officers are yet to interview the woman.
Adrian Schaffner was skiing in the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair, Switzerland.
Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha – an Appenzeller mix according to the owner.
The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing with her sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10, when she fell.
Mother Christy, 42, says Annabel 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus' lap'
Annabel survived the fall with only bumps and bruises.
Doctors told her relieved parents: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical house style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
Ibrahimovic refuted suggestions he was gay, particularly when they were voiced by one female reporter.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off.
The 43-year-old's notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits.
He was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups, naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field.
But he surprisingly, and incorrectly, predicted that Jordan Ibe would make his first Liverpool start.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
In court on Friday, the judge told Hansen: 'You're a mother yourself. It's beyond me to understand your behavior
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea.
The firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton.
If results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods.
Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment.
Now, experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for you.
A bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising than a hairy one.
The tip of the nose technically has the most dense patch of hair on the body.
The patent was filed by the California-based tech giant in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Apple, instead, provides a method for automatically unlocking a mobile device using a system comprising of 'capturing an initial image while the device is locked, monitoring a motion state of the mobile device to determine whether it is moving or is motionless'
England dominated the second day of a farcical match in St Kitts.
Alastair Cook and Ian Bell both retired out before England declared with a mammoth 320 lead.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for a work out.
James Tredwell outperformed Adil Rashid in the contest to be England's Test spinner next week.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child.
Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children.
One of the children later died from their injuries, and Keaton, 24, said; 'Sh*t happens'
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams.
He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
'He just looked so fragile. Literally a few hours after I met him for the first time, the doctors said he wasn't going to make it,' Ms Gould said.
China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China.
If necessary, the police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted.
There were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014, who spent $164 billion.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, had emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma (a surgically created opening in the abdomen) and a bag.
She reveals all about what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time, how to have sex with a bag and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Sign has been erected outside a university building in Portugal Place.
It warns bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind.
Sign has grammatical errors, according to one expert.
Selwyn College classics lecturer Dr Rupert Thompson said there were inaccuracies.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack.
Mack and her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder.
Baby Stella was kept outside Denpasar District Court today.
A blanket fell away, revealing the child's face for the first time.
Yaphet Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
Kotto said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct'
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running to be named as Daniel Craig's successor.
Hogs Breath Cafe in Aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as a'marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'angry' and 'upset' after being penalised.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night when his mate blasted his back open.
'All of a sudden I heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot,' he said.
Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left.
The keen hunter has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital on Monday afternoon.
In the past year solar power in the UK has more than doubled while in the US it has grown by 30 per cent.
But many current systems fail to solve the problem of how energy is managed and used overnight when the sun sets.
This can prove costly if you need to buy it back - unless you have a smart battery that stores the excess energy in your home.
The Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store the energy harvested during the day by solar panels fitted to a roof.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Mr Kerry said: 'Iran needs to recognise that the United States is not going to stand by while the region is destabilised'
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.
She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes.
His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out five-point rise in main rate of corporation tax if Labour form the next government.
He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years.
Businesses already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
Orlando City travel to Portland Timbers on Sunday in the Eastern Conference.
Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram.
The Brazilian has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season.
John and Carolyn Jackson are on trial for abusing their three foster children over a period of years.
They also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family.
That child, now in his teens, is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution.
The trial marks the second go-round for the Jacksons, whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one child had died.
Quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas.
Quakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
HAN, which adopted its own punk-look, showed a strong oriental influence in a nod to Hang's cultural background.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad.
The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia.
Ansari celebrated his call-up with four Essex wickets at The Kia Oval.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park, Georgia.
One hit 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit Tilson's son, Pierre.
Pierre had apparently been trying to protect sister, 13, from other boy.
When first responders arrived at scene, Pierre was lying unconscious on floor.
He was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged.
Tilson arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
Collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years.
The Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch of the archive yesterday.
Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before.
She quipped: 'You don't get gifts like that any more!'
Other documents shown to the Queen touch on some of the most important events in history.
Chris Hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on Leicester forward Laurence Pearce.
The Tongan number eight halted Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground.
Leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.
More than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to pray during the annual Eid celebrations.
Photographer Julian John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs.
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in Logan Square.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds, striking him multiple times.
Custodio was taken to a local hospital for treatment and there were no other injuries.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years.
She has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image.
Ms Schake will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from strong and knowledgeable figure into softer, more accessible one.
Former persona could have hampered Mrs Clinton's 2008 presidential contest against President Barack Obama, who came across as cool and amiable with voters.
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms.
The new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde.
Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death.
The recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face up to 8 years in prison.
More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists.
A further 20 million unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham made stark warning this morning.
Said the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most decorated soldiers.
He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Afghanistan.
Donaldson was shot dead by a crackunit from the Australian SAS in 2008.
In 2013 he revealed he had been ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord.
The warlord had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry.
Despite being advised not to go and help, Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter.
Michelle Mone bought the three-bedroom property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
The three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards, sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season.
The Spaniard has reached his seventh major European semi-final in 12 seasons.
Benitez guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident happened during the hotly-contested Copenhagen derby.
Agger rejoined Brondby from Liverpool last August.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
The 25-year-old offered her money to spend the night with him - which she declined - and then accepted a £30,000 offer from a newspaper to sell her story.
Rojo's identity in the case was originally held back as a 'Premier League footballer'
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity.
Diamond, who's 36, has identified as female since she was a child and began hormone therapy when she was 17.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
Mr Bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but, if the iceberg were to flip, he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air.
His mobile home will be designed by aeronautical engineer Julian Sharpe, founder of Survival Capsule, whose creations were originally intended to be used in disaster
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated.
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday.
The Blues beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday.
Adi Viveash's side will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday)
The trainers are made using adidas Primeknit fabric which is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
At £130, the shoes only offer value for money if you intend to run in them often.
Boeing 747-8 was customised to fit the owner's specifications over a three-year period.
It contains a dining room,'state room' and eight full beds for passengers who prefer to get some shut-eye on flights.
Lounge decor looks like a luxury hotel, belying its true location inside a plane similar to commercial airlines.
Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office.
The jeans designer previously relaunched her label last year as By Bettina.
Liano previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the Apparel Group which turned sour.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets.
31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He would set traps to kill strays and even people's pets, trial heard.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine of just £200.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range' just in time for the birth of the royal baby.
The range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
Asked on BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm there would be 'no more changes'
He said: 'We're not going to hit disabled. We're going to protect people who are pensioners'
Melbourne mother-of-two Kady Marsh was breastfeeding at a Sydney hotel.
She was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla, she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
The Manly Wharf Hotel says it welcomes women who want to breastfeed elsewhere in the venue and that the incident sounds like it was a miscommunication.
Stacy Maitai's son Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
The 28-year-old has been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome (PKS)
The condition is often undiagnosed during pregnancy and is identified at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complications.
A fundraising page was set up to help the struggling family, which at the time of publication raised more than $18,000.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round at Augusta National.
The 21-year-old has set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow American.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Johnson.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta National.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs around the par-three course.
Horan got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while Tiger Woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Trinity Culley, 10, secretly watched the baby-birthing programme against her parents' wishes.
Her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule and she went into labour.
Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep.
It is claimed that the video was taken at his home in Southport in the days before a game.
Sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United.
Henry Howes was playing the game at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffordshire.
Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy, he put his hand inside the machine's hatch.
But when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was trapped.
The four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him.
In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
Williams, 48, says Taylor shouted, 'I'm going to get you mother*******'
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's arrest.
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show.
Says she turned to drugs to mask her crippling depression after gaining weight.
At her heaviest, the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs.
She underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose 68kg.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words during a press conference on Thursday.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders handed his rival his first career defeat.
Now the pair are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
When George Osborne reduced it to 45p, Labour railed against what it has ever since called a'millionaires' tax cut'
But the rate applied to income over £150,000 and Labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity.
She also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother.
Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses'
High school friend Chelsey Whild said a further $2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'celebrity whisperer'
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.
The former councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Her father, Stephen Pasceri, 55, was killed at the hospital January 20, leaving behind his wife, Dr Terri Halperin, daughters Kate, 10, Live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, Graham.
Pasceri's family have said they can't understand why he snapped, but they believe he could have been wanting to enact revenge on Dr. Davidson after his mother, Marguerite
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old McDonald's worker over her order of fries.
The mother allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face.
Ms Johnson was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17.
Stephen Gilbert was campaigning for re-election in Cornwall this morning.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7.
Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988.
Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children.
George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, was also killed.
Kitsap Sun cartoon depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl disappeared in June, 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban.
He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress
Veronica Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Veronica and Ely’s sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles.
Vassilis is the boatman at the Eagles Palace, a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast.
Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
There is a kids' club, though it seems more suited to children younger than our son, Mike, 11, and daughter Alice, seven.
Dozens of workers at the Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions.
They were protesting over conditions at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile (CMT) factory.
As many as 1,800 workers went on strike last week over pay, harsh treatment, food and concerns about a missing worker.
Jordan Spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life.
The 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
He matched Tiger Woods' record of an 18-under 270 and finished four shots clear of the field.
Spieth admitted that despite never giving up the lead, he was still a bag of nerves.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets.
Buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was suspended for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal's website.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently flew in under the radar,' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried.
A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal.
Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter could live
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils.
She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after the boils were surgically removed.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council.
Luke Shambrook has been reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne.
The 11-year-old autistic boy went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, 3km from the campsite.
Doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 95.
Firefighter Cody Knecht, of St Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
All six ducklings were reunited with their mother on Saturday at their home on a nearby canal.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis also wasn't shy about standing up for herself.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops.
It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines, because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March.
It was Wenger's 14th win at Arsenal, the same as Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including one for February 1997.
Harry Redknapp and Martin O'Neill have the award listed eight times.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in signing Paul Pogba.
The Czech star insists the French midfielder won't be moving anywhere.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was given 5 years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths teacher at University College London.
He says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at the university.
The Italian model, who has a PHD, says he trains once or twice a day to keep fit and is proud to show off his amazing body.
Boselli is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
Two-year-old Darcy Atkinson died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from a paddle board.
Darcy had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison for £1.8million fraud.
He emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US.
The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
While racism may appear rife in the US, a separate study found that overall, Western countries are the most accepting of other cultures.
Brian and Amanda Bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their 18-month-old son Jackson in February.
Brian Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the back wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the vehicle.
The Bayers say they are sharing their story so other parents don't make the same mistake.
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month.
In the wake of her death, Fuller has written about her illness.
Said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and her suicide doesn't change that.
First time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
The figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy, which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world.
But total sales of British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the weak eurozone is acting like a'straitjacket' on exporters.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante.
The French midfielder has impressed for Caen this season.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday.
Bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks last week.
Mr Le Pen repeated his claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history'
He had also praised France’s wartime leader Marshal Petain.
Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed shortly after that she would seek the party's nomination.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
But in an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'
She then described her late boyfriend of one year as 'vain' about his looks.
'I shot him right here,’ she said in the video as she pointed to her nose
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League.
The Dutchman has taken United back to where they wanted to be.
Ashley Young has been arguably United's best player this season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday and has been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor.
Massimo Cellino said majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering offer.
Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of offer from Red Bull.
Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara.
They are currently in custody with their children - daughter Zoha, seven, and three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one.
Frankie Ruttledge, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza.
Dropped from a size 22 to a size 10/12 in less than two years.
Now one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
McHenry insulted the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status in the video.
Despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend.
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30.
Our public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America.
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
He had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final first-leg.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars.
Big-spending City often criticised for lack of young players.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, born when he was 73.
Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter.
The sheer physical effort of coping with children at this age can be demanding.
Donald takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
Jeff is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest, California to ‘Sweden’
The video has received mixed reviews on YouTube, although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour in the satire.
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their mansion.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February.
She cut a striking figure in March in a Stella McCartney dress.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when her dog Ben was snatched.
She put up posters near her home but received a call threatening to cut it up.
The caller gave the address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she handed to police, who are now investigating.
Men, women and children were seen huddled together on the fringe of the execution site in Ghanzi, eastern Afghanistan.
The three men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery.
They were pushed onto the ground, where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs.
Using AK-47s, the insurgents then loomed over the three men, before firing successive shots into the back of the prisoners' heads at point-blank range.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar are back in contention.
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'
The Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
De Grey's theories have gained him supporters in Silicon Valley, the super-rich tech enclave in northern California that is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet.
PayPal boss Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to de Grey's anti-ageing institute Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
The ECB wanted to 'create a culture' in which captain Alastair Cook had 'the full support of all players'
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older, teenage brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch.
Other key features which are absent, include an independent internet connection (the watch relies on an iPhone for data), GPS and water-proofing.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between his home and the church and placed inside over a course of a few days four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper.
Major Draper was a mourner at Fusilier Rigby's funeral two years ago.
Miss West and Major Draper have been on several dates in the past few months.
The 51-year-old is a decorated member of the Middlesex and North West Army Cadet Force.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness.
A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, Jean Paul Getty III, never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping.
Velella velella are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington during strong winds this time of year.
They are covered beaches including Seaside, Manzanita, Astoria and Rockaway Beach.
The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they decompose.
Freddie Gray, 25, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday.
The Justice Department announced Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death.
Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore on Tuesday evening to protest the police force in Gray's name.
Fred Hatch, 76, was beaten to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
But it was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed his skull.
Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, attempted to pelt Israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the West Bank.
The bemused officers calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away.
Incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round.
The Canadian top seed has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg.
Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must focus on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview.
The 23-year-old claimed Arsenal were interested in his services.
Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland with several questions outstanding.
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
The Hammers wore an Umbro kit when Bobby Moore lifted the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1965.
West Ham will return to Umbro kits for their final season at Upton Park in 2015-16.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo.
The 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
Selby will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday.
Maflin lost 6-3 to Selby in the semi-final of the China Open earlier this month.
Labour leader Ed Miliband will today pledge to'restore Britain's commitment'
He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of European exit'
Mr Miliband has ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU that would trigger one.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay, by 1% with Labour’s Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
The unlikely images come after the Prime Minister and his Lib Dem deputy Nick Clegg were also snapped posing for photographs with mothers and their babies.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis (HRMA), researchers can now identify the difference between each twin.
HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature.
The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 in the NBA's Southwest Division.
Spurs move onto tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat of the season.
No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.
Visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below.
It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
Tattoo-loving soldiers in the U.S. Army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect.
Rules about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
Richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form.
His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa rang the New York Stock Exchange's opening bell on Monday.
The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC.
Lucy Garrod, 27, had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems.
But one day she woke up with an itchy and irritable right eye.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree.
So she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
Tests show Avastin, which is used in several other cancers, gives women around four months’ extra life.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use.
Salvina Formosa, 101, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
The Western Sydney Local Health District's community-based program Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people.
Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health's program, which began in 2012.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager Dino May said there were no signs of trouble prior to his suicide.
He said: 'He was a good kid. Teenage stuff, but no depression, no signs or anything'
Actor Ray Romano, 57, who worked with Sawyer for nine years, said he was 'terribly saddened, by the news'
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old was also pictured with young team-mate Ibe.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers questioned Sterling's professionalism on Monday.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed.
Their sister Anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies, which airs tonight.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia on Monday.
He spent an hour-long break during a training exercise with a Norforce unit.
The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia and will spend the rest of the month stationed in Sydney and Perth.
Alessandra Ambrosio stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
Mother-of-two stars in sexy street-style fashion shot in São Paulo.
Dafiti signed her because they believe she embodies the brand.
The 34-year-old is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models.
The terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'
Those who pass will be released immediately and those who don't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
Josh Warrington will box in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds on Saturday.
Warrington is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Australia dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Absolutely not.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
Cook left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him.
But the ball just lacked pace and he was through the shot too early.
Jonathan Trott looked calmer as his innings went on.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, 33, in Kings Cross on January 3.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Mr Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
The company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
The positive test happened at a Kroger in Port Huron, Michigan.
Lithuanian talk show An Hour with Ruta accused Norway of stealing their children.
Claimed foreign children were being fostered with Norwegian parents.
Said it was to strengthen Nordic country's 'genetic material'
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth.
This means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example.
He said there must be a minimum size for supporting intelligent life, based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans.
And, if they exist, he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect.
Their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas, went missing from their home in rural Dublin, Virginia on March 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter.
After an intense-five days search, the child's body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas' property.
White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister.
Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism', Umunna says.
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
Comes after Farage dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote Madidi national park in north-west Bolivia when a tree toppled onto her during a storm.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones, both 30.
Her grief-stricken parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines.
Wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, California, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home.
His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police.
Psychiatrist Professor David Healy says the myth that antidepressants raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth.
He said the success of so-called SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream truck business in Gloversville'
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm during an off-the-ball scrap on Tuesday.
The Real Madrid defender then struck out towards the Atletico Madrid striker.
Mandzukica fell to the ground after tussling with the Real defender.
Atletico Madrid travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend.
Thomas Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled.
He is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year, it has been suggested.
North Korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in February 2013.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.
The striker scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Harry Kane and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co.
Official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
Christie's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside local al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front, the Times has revealed.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
Maajid Nawaz was jailed for 13 years and jailed in Egypt for his commitment to the group.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light.
They claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received fine after they took baby out.
In process of getting out ticket fell on floor underneath driver's seat.
Couple exchanged a number of letters with council over the next two years.
Row escalated from £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on door demanding £400.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal.
Discussions were scheduled to cease at Midnight on Tuesday if Iran was still unwilling to agree to terms set forth by Russia, China, Britain, Germany, the U.S
Ms McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of 2,436.
She has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the'scurrilous' campaign.
The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals.
Tim Sherwood was sacked by Tottenham Hotspur at the end of last season.
Levy brought in Mauricio Pochettino, ending Sherwood's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level.
Sherwood says he is still in touch with Levy and the club's board.
The 46-year-old takes Aston Villa to north London on Saturday.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,600 tweets supporting ISIS in less than a year.
Some of the messages included pictures of corpses of fighters killed in Syria.
The 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population.
About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis.
At one time there were about 40 such 'round halls' in the state, but now just half that number exist.
Ben Flower said he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final every day.
The Wigan Warriors forward was handed a six-month ban for the attack.
Flower was the first man to be sent off in the final between Wigan and St Helens.
Sergi Barjuan has been named as Almeria's new manager.
The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But the Waukesha County circuit judge said she was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Neither of the
Nicky Morgan said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the medal in an east Melbourne park last week.
The medal belonged to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915.
Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum.
It led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Frederick's great-nephew.
Lisa Morgan, 40, changed website to expose her cheating ex boyfriend.
Sean Meade, 45, was 'dumped' and had to woo a new woman.
Site now says Mr Meade's address 'changes every few months'
He said: 'She (Lisa) is trying to ruin my life'
Sammy Griner, from Jacksonville, Florida, is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme.
His mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by Liverpool fans.
The 20-year-old has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable.
He is in thrall to a man portrayed as his Iago of an agent.
Sterling's ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked.
His character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Gwyneth, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
The study was spawned by the Aurora, Colorado, mass shooting in 2012.
It found taxpayers fork out $229 billion annually because of shootings.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic, which is $224 billion.
At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the 2005 Champions League quarter-final at the San Siro.
The match was stopped because of flares thrown on the pitch.
Milan are 15 points off the Champions League pace in ninth place.
Inter are a point and place further behind in Serie A.
Michael Gridley, 26, orchestrated a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken.
Gridley was jailed for a year at Southend Crown Court for his role in the scam.
But he managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Green Party today demanded an end to austerity with £176 billion a year spending splurge.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled and tuition fees scrapped.
Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one.
But manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits.
Immigrants will also be given free English classes, fruit and vegetables will be subsidised and children will be kept out of school until they are seven.
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the figures were 'unverified'
He insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide and by Nazis in 1930s.
He said the April 17 article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism' characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of EU countries.
This was also'sapping compassion for the thousands of people fleeing conflict, human rights violations and economic deprivation who are drowning in the Mediterranean'
More than 1,750 people have died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same
EmbryoScope technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life.
Images show the first cell division in the creation of their IVF baby, Pixie.
A tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process.
Technology also allows experts to select the best possible embryos.
This narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures.
Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property.
Mr Chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
Tracy Stratton claims her autistic daughter Tianni was bullied.
Seven-year-old suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at school.
Ms Stratton is now suing Royal Borough of Greenwich Council for damages.
Claims school ignored at least five reports of bulling, she says.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho reveals that he talks to God every day, but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said that he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho has worked with the Word Food Programme as an ambassador against hunger.
Ashton Wood launched an online campaign to destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep Cherokee.
He raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy the car.
The car company requested he apologise for criticising them.
But because no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Mr Wood is now campaigning for the United State's Lemon Laws to be introduced in Australia.
Lemon Laws state that if there's three major issues with car then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them.
Claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'
But yesterday detectives insisted they had the footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity'
Exactly why police did not release the images beforehand is unclear.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
He is facing opposition from the Premier League.
The FA chairman wants to change the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21.
Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Marseille beat PSG 2-1 in the Ligue 1 clash at the Stade Veledrome on Easter Sunday.
Andre-Pierre Gignac and Blaise Matuidi scored for the hosts after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
He was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' next to his friends on holiday.
Decided to ditch the booze and give up fatty readymeals and takeaways.
Dale has now lost 10.5 stone and is taking part in a boxing match.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing'
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
There were no injuries to either the pilot or
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week.
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
England's top order collapsed in the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England.
Joe Root and Ben Stokes added 177 for the fourth wicket.
The last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls.
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb has hit out at the Modern Family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.
He said: 'I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth'
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Florian Thauvin.
Marseille will listen to offers for the winger in the summer.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move if Spurs miss out on the top four this term.
Faris Al-Khori had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard.
The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Firefighters forced entry to a flat registered to the 62-year-old and found jars containing various powders.
Castor beans, which can be used to make ricin, were also found.
He pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round India in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament's eighth edition.
Can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title?
Can MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings win their third crown?
Who are the players to watch out for?
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with ankle ligament injury.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday.
Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.
All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers on the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
But by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past empty security cubicles.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid.
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram this week.
The 29-year-old Sports Illustrated star said: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Since then hundreds of other women have shared their images along with the hashtag #loveyourlines.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
He defrauded the taxman of £450,000 but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m.
His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home.
They discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan, complete with library, cinema and servant quarters.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to West Ham.
The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain.
Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or.
The Chelsea defender has impressed at the heart of the defence this season.
Zouma hopes to emulate compatriot Marcel Desailly.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
Wigan Warriors forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Helping Pitt and Jolie take over the vineyard was Marc Perrin, a famous Provence winemaker.
Georgia Davis, 22, had to be removed from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
She has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life.
At the height of the operation yesterday, there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane.
It is the second time Ms Davis has been rescued in such a way.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 children.
She decided to expand her family after youngest child said: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to Freya in 2008 aged 57.
Now seven, Freya has often asked her mother if she could have a sibling.
'I don't sit in judgement of anyone else,' she said on This Morning.
Google claims latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
The tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London.
It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
The company owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.
Qatar’s royal family is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the 1987 rape and murder of his wife's grandmother.
Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Andy Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today.
Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of the tennis star's wedding.
He was found unconscious and taken to Forth Valley Hospital, in Larbert, near Falkirk, where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma.
Murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby.
The 31-year-old joined the Rams on loan from Aston Villa in January.
Bent's contract runs out at the end of the season and he could still return.
Tim Sherwood is currently in charge at Villa Park.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the images as the Colima volcano in Mexico erupted.
The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico.
Scientists have confirmed that small volcanic eruptions have been protecting the Earth from global warming.
A bolt of volcanic lighting can heat the surrounding air to more than 3,000°C.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
The seminar claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The idea is that, once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit, you can ‘conquer the other fires of your life with ease’
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'
She told him: 'You acted like a caveman, dragging the victim by her hair and assaulting her over a period of months'
Tushingham was given a 26-week suspended sentence at Halton Magistrates' Court.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series.
Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors regrouped from an early deficit to down the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Charles Taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, April 4.
Police say Taylor and Sean Ball, 32,'stabbed him to death as he rested on the coach'
Taylor also faces federal attempted murder, assault and weapons charges in North Carolina for allegedly trying to kill Ball as the two were fleeing police.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Derby have begun the process of identifying candidates for the job.
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Derby County news.
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after a run of 13 games without a win.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor, signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season.
The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to drum up support before May 7.
On the first day of the election campaign, he rushed from a meeting with the Queen at Buckingham Palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull.
There he was introduced to Humpty, a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles.
Since then he has flown down a zipwire at a Go Ape park, tested the water at Bath Spa, planted flowers in Newtown, painted a picture at a nursery in Sheffield and watched racing wheels
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.
He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
His career was destroyed when the affair with Paula Broadwell emerged in November 2012.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple are being celebrated in the Time's 100 most influential people in the world.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face.
The 63-year-old claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient’s face as part of hospital treatment.
But witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him.
Professor Peckitt faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three patients.
Vitamin E found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate stress on immune cells.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing.
For the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E can mitigate the stress.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches.
Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes.
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
The island is sheltered from the Atlantic Ocean in the bay of Angra dos Reis, a mile from Paraty.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again.
His sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him, and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive.
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train.
The scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot.
Remains of the vehicles have since become a popular tourist attraction in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina.
Acro Aircraft Seating is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort and safety in mind.
The ‘Series 7’ seats, unveiled at last week’s Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany, were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.
They have an aluminium chassis, composite materials and hand-stitched leather armrests.
Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher at Doull Elementary School in Denver, Colorado for three years.
She asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
One student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Schwartz shared many of these notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started posting their own results online.
Ronnie Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
He was on the statement of nominations as 'The Eurovisionary Carroll'
He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest, making him the only Briton to compete two years running.
The seat is the most marginal in England, won by Labour's Glenda Jackson by just 42 votes in 2010.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year reign.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell the club since last May.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal.
The former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early December.
Ranger has accused the club of 'taking the mick' out of him.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
The one-minute clip begins with the video maker, who speaks French, offering play-by-play commentary.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob Kardashian, 28, has disappeared from the public eye over the last year.
His family have now expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old.
He is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested.
Celebrity Big Brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back'
She asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'Personally I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from, and I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have'
Singleton will be given round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris.
Candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times at a cab office.
The court heard that Nargis Riaz, 22, was terrified of the attack.
Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man.
Chowdhury told Ms Riaz the attack was justified in Islam.
He told her: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title.
Henry was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea.
He also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel said Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
United had lost their last four meetings with City.
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions.
But just 40% of men said they had suffered from mental issues.
One in five over-55s admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity.
Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders.
Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader'
The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest for the second year running.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
The first was wartime Naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox, who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Aaron Cruden ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction.
England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback.
Passenger lost his balance trying to skirt past someone on the platform.
He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
His company contracts with NASA to resupply the International Space Station and is building a launch site about 600 miles
Manchester United's Under 18s beat Manchester City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the matchwinner with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth attacks ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen.
Booth says England have'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all'
England lost eight full series out of all formats in 2014, says Booth.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.
Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs.
Canna-Pet sells boxes of CBD biscuits for $16.49 (£11.20) and these can be bought online in any state of the US, but not shipped internationally.
Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods, hemp oil, wax, resin, rope, cloth, paper, and fuel.
As a result, its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the UK.
Nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months.
They range along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
The first complete wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
Sanders, a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, is said to be worth around $40million.
His father Deion Sanders wrote back; 'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! Lololol. Son. #truth'
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world.
But travellers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane.
MailOnline Travel spoke to experts to debunk some of the myths that exist.
Ten properties across Australia haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years.
Among them includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago.
Dr Sanjay Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake.
The neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
She only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain.
During the procedure, he was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle,
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
Manny Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Floyd Mayweather now than he did in 2010, claims his trainer Freddie Roach.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting and wondering whether they would ever meet.
After half a decade of speculation, the pair will finally go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 24-year-old was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of the season as 'garbage'
United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 players.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse.
Ludwigsen was hired by Nyack College in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin.
This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy.
Mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Ms Norman purchased the buns from the store and took them home for dinner that evening.
She said: 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
Family of six were pictured riding on the same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman.
A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him.
The family's actions were condemned on social media sites after pictures of the incident appeared online in Argentina.
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of the CBI.
17 more added their names, including AstraZeneca, Citi Private Bank and Pirelli.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
Officials closed the ride earlier that night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery.
The thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the ride.
Three of the contractors escaped without injury.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse.
She was visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25, at Whipps Cross Hospital.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother Maxine, 49, who rushed to the hospital.
Mrs Ross was finally assessed by a doctor, who realised she had suffered a stroke.
However, she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.
Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress.
There were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn, taking them all down like skittles.
The barbaric terror group released photos showing crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the U.S.
The images were released by the Islamic State's official propaganda wing in Aleppo province, which the militants refer to by its ancient name, Halab.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
If he is convicted on the charge, he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy.
She cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
No one knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder and denied bail.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira and Fernando Aristeguieta scored for Philadelphia.
Caroline Wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster.
The Dane made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.
She will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why exactly do we snack? And if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK.
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws.
She believes that commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia.
This is because parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.
The comments are backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases.
Last week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in Liverpool on Saturday night.
Mathews won the interim WBA lightweight title after a unanimous points decision.
Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out.
The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun.
Instead, she's flying coach and toting her own luggage.
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her home.
Marylin Stoneman was entrusted with the vulnerable victim's pin number.
But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
The 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim.
She was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
She hopes to complete the entire series by September this year.
The 16th Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival began on Friday in the southern California desert.
Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness.
The system, designed by In-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his office.
It has been claimed the delay was because she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case.
Anti-Hillary Clinton signs feature phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
The signs appear to be a dig at Clinton supporters who said they would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
The posters are said to have appeared in Brooklyn on Saturday night near her campaign's new headquarters in the borough.
Following Clinton's announcement on Sunday, a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary.
Brazilian midfielder Anderson was sent off for Internacional in Porto Alegre.
The 28-year-old shoved Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto.
Neto also saw red after he retaliated by appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson.
Fabricio was the third player to be shown the red card.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received another hero's ovation when introduced to the crowd.
Chisnall recorded a 7-3 victory over world champion Gary Anderson.
He then returned later in the evening to thrash James Wade 7-1.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
The Canadian star is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend.
Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding, or fertility treatment.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they won a wedding competition.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Alastair Cook needs runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain.
Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in La Liga on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico's manager.
Atletico beat Real to win the Super Cup and knocked them out of the King's Cup.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight between the two best boxers on the planet.
Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquiao $120m.
'Five years too late,' cry the critics. 'It's all in the timing'
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for his impact at Rangers.
Smith says Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding at Ibrox.
McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge.
The 67-year-old insists the club was too badly run to ensure true success on the park.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing just 1lb 3oz.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem.
Doctors said he would not survive and he was put into a paralysed state.
But he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
Ander Herrera has impressed Barcelona's scouts throughout his career.
Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi.
Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon.
Stoke City, Nottingham Forest, Sunderland and Newcastle are among clubs showing interest in Shrewsbury Town winger Josh Ginnelly.
Sydney radio station 2UE has merged with rival station 2GB.
The 90-year-old station broadcast its last ever bulletin out of the Sydney office last Thursday.
A 2UE spokesman said the new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the merger.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
Many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area.
On average, seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked.
Ms King had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor when she was 15 years old.
Thompson starred in Spyforce - an action series following Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II.
The actor also appeared with Leona in 1975 movie Scobie Malone.
Stains had his coat trimmed to resemble a lion when his owners sent it to the groomers.
Owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
Similar to a lion, the dog’s tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous record of 272.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May, 52, revealed he had prematurely celebrated three-year deal.
He said he had ordered Ferrari 458 Speciale in bright orange while contract was finalised.
The offer was then sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked by BBC last month.
Richard Hammond, 45, joined May in confirming he will not return this week.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
The radioactive element currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table.
But new research suggests it may have properties similar to sodium and potassium.
This may fuel arguments that it should be placed in the main body.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park.
Spurs went into the game at Staines Town sitting sixth in the league.
Win would have taken them joint top with the Red Devils.
The defending champions were only three points behind the north London outfit.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find a burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel.
Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further.
Bystanders alongside Valles car can be heard yelling, 'He's still breathing' in the dashcam footage that shows Nielson and Soto's heroic rescue.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second on the list.
Arjen Robben, Asier del Horno and Nacho Monreal also make the top 10.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Tottenham are interested in signing Julian Weigl from 1860 Munich.
The 19-year-old midfielder has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on signing Weigl.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming.
Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver bent down to catch the baby boy as he slipped onto the floor.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August, and will be heavily pregnant as she guides Murray through Wimbledon.
The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night.
Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray's coach last summer.
Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced.
A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace.
Royal sources say the only difference will be that there will be less ceremony around the delivery of the piece of paper from the Lindo Wing of St Mary's.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.
The Barnet manager says it is always important to have all your players going in One Direction.
Having good players in your first team is obviously vitally important but the players out of the team, on the periphery, can lose you matches.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing 2014.
Argentina star was plagued by injury and off-field drama.
Messi says he wants to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like I always have'
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
He returned to Liverpool in January and has made a notable impact.
Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero at Sandy Park.
The 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January.
The 23-year-old joined the club on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership title next month.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham.
The 31-year-old striker has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
He has been criticised for his underwhelming performances.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre in January.
His chilling words follow the arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles.
DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a Paris suburb on Sunday.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service.
It has already caught the attention of one big company, which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole.
Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland since her son, 21, was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month.
The RFU said he should have been ineligible for the match.
Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Aviva Premiership.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at Counter-Terror Expo.
Mr Rowley warned of 'chaotic' attacks across the world using knives and vehicles.
The real aim is to kill and get footage of that to propagate the message.
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
The outspoken father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
There are about 26,000 Yanomimi living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains.
Liverpool fans will stage a protest on Tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the Barclays Premier League.
The die-hard contingent of fans are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson.
Link suggests presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence.
Firm also identified recent social media spike in Washington, D.C., Philadelphia and New York City of protesters looking for rides to Baltimore.
Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
Defoe's strike was his third for the Black Cats this season.
The 32-year-old was substituted shortly after half-time after being fouled by Tim Krul.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
Mrs Senior and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds who all sleep and live at her home.
Real Madrid players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Real will then face rivals Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
The Tynecastle club have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership under Neilson's stewardship.
Madonna posted image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before deleting it.
The 56-year-old singer offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
Some of Madonna's fans took umbrage to the post and said she had gone 'a step too far'
However, other fans praised her for the post, with one saying the singer was 'back in my good books'
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night.
Johnson (22-2-1) controlled the Japanese fighter for nearly the entire five-round bout before tapping out his opponent with a second left.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson (36-11) beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first bout since 2011.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled.
Djokovic apologised via Facebook to the boy's parents.
The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment at Hounsdown School.
She unwittingly downed the corrosive liquid at the specialist science college.
The girl avoided serious injury as a result of the quick thinking of staff.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said: 'The welfare and safety of all pupils attending this school is our priority'
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute, investigators said.
Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it.
'Your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine; that's a fact,' Kristen said in an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping.
The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’
It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size.
The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants.
Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years.
The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine, ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend.
Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63) are the third oldest men in the field in 2015.
Russian researchers have dated the object to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
The'screw' measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a UFO team.
It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘sea lily’ – a type of Crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult, to
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
Girl's birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were never registered.
Couple also being questioned by police over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa.
Police said the girl, Blanca Cousins, had been unhappy and locked herself in a bathroom before falling to her death as her parents tried to unlock the door.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.
The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
The Sale Sharks fly half helped his side to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday.
Steve Diamond's side face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish.
Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died Monday.
The picture of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter was posted to Facebook two weeks ago.
Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
The 22-year-old warehouse worker said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community.
Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
She took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her Facebook page.
Online responders were quick to condemn the 'disturbing' behaviour.
Second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
The disastrous pact led to the rise of Margaret Thatcher and the Tories held on to power for another 18 years.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race after Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
Many people expected another dominant Mercedes campaign in the wake of last season's crushing success and thoroughly convincing win in Australia.
Ed Balls said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP but has stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
Mr Balls said: 'No way. I'm not going to do it and Labour won't do it'
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor, Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips were ambushed outside their room by Graeme Finlay.
Finlay, 53, says he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and moved to another.
He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation.
Mr Phillips walked with a crutch because of a hip replacement operation.
His 69-year-old wife also suffered from limited mobility due to osteoarthritis.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The striker suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit.
Van Persie tweeted that he was 'happy' and 'looking forward to my next game'
Reverend Andrew Dotchin was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
Mr Dotchin, who preaches at Whitton Parish Church, said: 'Trust me, I'm a vicar' and I was wearing the dog collar – but he wouldn't budge'
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.
From where I’m sitting, she looks barely a day over 40.
For the past two years under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats – and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how'safe' they were in 2010.
Of 303 Tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50 km/h zone last year.
But he won't say who was behind the wheel.
He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
New manager Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the Ibrox club.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring in the first-half with a strike on 33minutes.
Gavin Reilly doubled Rangers' lead at the start of the second half with an own goal.
Lewis Kidd added a third for the hosts with a second half strike.
Rangers remain third behind Hibs on goal difference, albeit with a game in hand.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats.
But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage walked free from an Indonesian prison after nine months.
The surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
Drage said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs', and that his release had not sunk in yet.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, only speaks a single word: 'Hodor'
The character was created by George R R Martin to illustrate his condition.
He is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any Chelsea player who did not want to play for the club.
Sterling will start against Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopian-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts, as well as the Liya-Kebede Foundation.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead.
The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir was $5million.
He was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines.
Rory McIlroy meets Brad Dalke at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina.
Dalke posted a video of the awkward encounter on his Twitter page.
The 17-year-old will join Oklahoma University in the autumn.
A new book by former education journalist David Turner, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history of Britain's public schools.
From the 18th Century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country’s public schools the new book reveals.
The frequent violence and outmoded classics-based education at the schools nearly undid them.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The transgender boy, who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child, has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections.
During a Family Court hearing, judge Michael Kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself.
Ivan Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992.
In the letters, he tells nephew Alistair Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things'
Shipsey, 55, has compiled the letters into a $32 book.
The Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to Shipsey.
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II.
Among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring.
The sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put the Bees ahead with a stunning strike in the 21st minute.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes of the game.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with stage III melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
Less than a year later, Glenna found a small lump in her abdomen and was told her cancer had progress to stage IV.
Glenna died in November 2008, three years after her diagnosis--and her final tanning session.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum.
This oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale.
Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday.
He was filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
Mr Smith can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
One astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the originally advertised price.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted.
But later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
A spokesman for the school said Miss Heath had been suspended.
The maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is five years in prison.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed and the teenager was re-arrested.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager.
Mourinho says Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
The Chelsea boss also had a frosty relationship with Pep Guardiola when the pair were rival managers in Spain.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
He said Alex Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong Ukip is called racist.
Mr Farage said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
The Ukip leader said it showed that people in the North East are 'particularly tough'
Tons of rotting fish have filled Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held.
More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, but there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the dead fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature.
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries.
They are dumped in gigantic landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Brokers manage to ship containers of
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
She goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene.
In a new interview with the Evening Standard magazine, Kate reveals that she eats lean and green meals every day.
The monkey snatches the banana from the woman's hand and begins tucking into it.
The monkey appears to sniff it while diverting its eyes, as if hoping that it is food.
Footage was filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families.
Attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks.
The 45-year-old man had suffered arteriovenous malformation for 20 years.
This caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
He underwent 27-hour operation to reconstruct his neck, mouth, tongue and throat.
Chris Brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina.
When he was shot, he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The Tottenham Hotspur midfielder was celebrating Andros Townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy.
Twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old.
Mason was given 16 minutes by Roy Hodgson as he replaced Jordan Henderson.
Cryos International is moving its offices to the Central Florida Research Park.
It is located next to the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, 23,000 of whom are male.
Donations can be made anonymously, but the company encourages people to become non-anonymous donors, allowing children to know their identity when they turn 18.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The mozzie is known for its black and white stripes.
Brisbane International Airport has stepped up bio security after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds.
Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a threat to the health of those living around the airport.
A person was struck by a train between Surbiton and Wimbledon this afternoon.
South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its services following the incident.
The disruption was worsened when another train broke down this evening.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife.
He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested after allegedly groping a 16-year-old.
He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns.
The teenager had claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the Cookie Monster who then touched her breasts.
Perez was arrested at the scene and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa.
When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
Kieron Power's wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van.
A week after she received the ticket given out by a council CCTV ‘spy car’
He went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames, South-West London.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
The 64-year-old severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
Former FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College.
Jimmy Abdou opened the scoring for Millwall with a rare strike.
Waghorn was sent off in the 53rd minute for a tackle on Aiden O'Brien.
Magaye Gueye added a second goal in the third minute of stoppage time.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Florists in Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less'
Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
The Prime Minister revealed the pain of discovering his children really view him as a British version of Dunphy.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a wildlife survey.
And of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently.
The startling figures confirm fears that the small British mammal is suffering a huge decline.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today, an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match.
The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March.
Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, face charges of tampering with a witness.
They were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday for allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet.
Brittany Leanne Parten, 23, was charged with improper visual recording for using a cellphone to videotape the assault.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes.
Lionel Messi is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies.
She decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe.
They both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies.
The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
Beatrice, 26, opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia.
She was greeted by flag-waving crowd outside the school in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
It is the second royal visit in less than four days for the Princess.
Last week, she was seen hobnobbing with Karl Lagerfeld and Tory Burch.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National.
Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham.
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness.
The animals had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was also a wheelbarrow filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots.
Property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond.
Clare Balding and Alice Arnold have been married since 2006.
The pair did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London.
Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal.
BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night.
His voice sounded weak and strained after treatment for a lung tumour.
But he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse Labour's manifesto.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble I have caused them'
He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings were destroyed.
His family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished.
A GoFundMe page in memory of Nicholas met it's $30,000 goal
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event.
West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in Knightsbridge.
Event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
German government says issue was resolved legally years ago.
Demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450m euros of debt to IMF.
Greek PM Alexis Tsipras raised reparations issue in Berlin last month.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma in December.
The teen and her mother argued she did not want chemo despite the risk of dying without them.
But after she was declared to be in remission in March, her lawyer and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments, or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the hospital.
Cassandra's mother Jackie Fortin said the hospital tried to prevent her from visiting her room.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes.
The 53-year-old media personality has hosted several TV shows and edited the Australian Women's Weekly.
'My Love Affair with Food' features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos.
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Earlier David Cameron said the day was a time to 'celebrate all that was great with England'
National Front leader Marine Le Pen, 46, has been named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people alongside President Barack Obama, Pope Francis and Kanye West.
Le Pen, who took over from her father in 2011, says it shows that her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic.
She recently announced she would oppose her father, Jean-Marie, on his candidacy in France's regional elections in December.
A video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad shows tourists how it's done.
The emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
They come close to see what's going on, then scatter as the guide leaps to his feat.
It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has signed off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
Kelly's record of nine Monument wins puts him in a tie for third all-time.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
It comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leader’s personal character.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30lbs for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler.
He then put on 15lbs of muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.
His trainer Terry Claybon revealed that Jake put back on the weight he had lost.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill.
In an interview on the BBC, Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of St James' Park before kick-off.
There they called for billionaire Ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, died Sunday at a prison in Butner, North Carolina.
Ouimette was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders.
He 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis.
In 1996, he was convicted of extortion and became the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison under the federal 'three strikes and you're out' provision.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home and determine he could not be linked to the crime.
The newly freed man added that is a miscarriage of justice for the victims and their families.
Far-Right supporters called themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
They enjoyed the protection of Ukip’s security teams, which encircled the Broadstairs Pavilion.
Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for the Ukip leader's arrival.
His Labour opponent in South Thanet, Will Scobie, claimed a group of his campaigners had been attacked by National Front members chanting for Ukip.
Diane James, Ukip’s Justice Spokesman, also applauded Mr Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the EU.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a ‘brilliant operator’
Adam Federici blew Reading's chances of beating Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final.
The Australian spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
Federici was inconsolable after the match and manager Steve Clarke tried to hug him but he was'very, very disappointed'
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record at Augusta.
Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
Rory McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46, according to PGA Tour.
Stuart McCall wants Rangers to end their away-day blues at Dumbarton.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston.
Myles Hippolyte and Marius Zaliukas scored for the Ibrox side.
The jihadi group claimed responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours.
A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today.
According to the official spokesman for the Taliban, over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
Despite their figures are exaggerated, the Taliban's new offensive is set to the start of fresh violence in the troubled country.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraceptive.
They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Jurgen Klopp's side face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
Sven Bender has issued a rallying call to his team-mates.
Former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture.
Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live.
The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He had been called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death.
The supposed client asked him to come back another day.
Arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man.
Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer.
Neanderthals may have used herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour their food.
They may have cooked stews in the skins of animals, according to some anthropologists.
Scientists have found traces of compounds in the hardened plaque of Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain.
This suggests they used them to make food more palatable.
There is no evidence that Neanderthals had any pots or pans to cook with.
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
The demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents marching 22 miles to Seoul from their home town of Ansan last week.
Driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver Nick Townley at a set of lights.
But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph.
He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost.
Crash closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Ben Ellery's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video flaunting his lavish lifestyle on Instagram.
The 38-year-old boxer is expected to earn around £120million for his bout with Manny Pacquiao next month.
It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history.
Tickets for the fight were expected to cost between £1,000 and £5,000.
But those prices have incredibly tripled in the resale market.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at the Mrs Merton Show.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.
Travis was awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Liverpool have to stop the supply line because defending crosses has been their Achilles heel this season.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana on July 13, 2013 soon after giving birth.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her.
Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford in July.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Teacher Tiffany Jackson was arrested for driving with an invalid licence.
She was suspended for three days at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis.
School officials justified the suspensions by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'
But later overturned the decision following a backlash.
Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor.
The 21-year-old had fallen from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of August 1.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire'
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Wasps maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly looks set to be included in Stuart Lancaster's England's World Cup training squad.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release despite a history of prison escapes.
Wheatley absconding from Standford Hill prison in Kent and went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in Sunbury-on-Thames.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check.
They were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed.
The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 – the worst on record since 2004.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
It could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
The boy is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket, according to investigators, and the impact from the wake sent them both into the river.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are the front-runners for the role.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England.
Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters has helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The beam might even be able to trigger different forms of lightning, including red sprites and blue jets.
For now the idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it.
But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by ambulance to the A&E department of St Vincent
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added.
Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Christie said in
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
Under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently 'unclaimed' territory.
ComRes survey reveals Lib Dems are now equal with Ukip in the polls.
It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems.
Poll also gives the Tories a commanding lead on key economic issues.
Voters have mixed views on the role of the rampant SNP.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Amazingly, his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing.
Christina Mejia filed a lawsuit against the Cook County Sheriff's Office in Illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week.
Her daughter Jessica, 20, was killed in the early hours of December 31, 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.
Sheriff's office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict Sord.
Mohamed Morsi was sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court in Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced.
Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in government crackdown.
M&S sales rose 0.7% in the first quarter after 14 straight quarters of losses.
Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt.
Sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
Schoenig took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!'
She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
Dave Brockie, 50, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home on March 23, 2014.
A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose.
Brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member.
The Grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes, stage antics and vulgar lyrics.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Mario Suarez and Marcelo were both booked and will miss the second leg.
Both players were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic's performance.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
Earlier that day she had attacked her ex-fiance and his girlfriend.
She then broke into her home in Ratby, Leics, and broke in through the front door.
Then tore a flatscreen TV off the wall and threw a vase of roses across the room.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity.
The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
Some of the prints are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period - a time in which the majority of dinosaurs lived.
In 2009, fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world's largest dinosaur prints.
As California struggles with a devastating drought, huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta.
The prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego.
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need but they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire, returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served in Gallipoli during World War I.
He was awarded a Victoria Cross medal for his 48-hour effort.
The 30-year-old lobbed live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine in Anzac Cove on the shores of Turkey.
Each time he picked up a grenade, he was risking his life to save others.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas this week.
The 25-year-old was seen attempting to drive the car through the rising, fast flowing waters.
It took officials and a tow truck several hours to remove the car.
Hardy was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
He will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer according to a report in Italy.
Corriere dello Sport claim that Juve have a plan in place to sign the in-demand Uruguayan.
Cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under Laurent Blanc.
Manchester United also hold an interest in Cavani.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia were at the University of Alcala de Henares to present the Cervantes Prize for Literature.
A new book claims Juan Carlos II had a long-running affair with a German socialite during the final decade of his reign.
The former King was famous for his love of freebies, even accepting a yacht called Fortuna as a gift.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
The trio would cost in the region of £50million.
Sterling could buy out the final year of his contract at Anfield.
Rodriguez is valued at £50m but City are monitoring his return from injury.
Frank Lampard was one of six players on their squad list this season.
Protein World advert asks: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The spoof advert was posted on the London Underground.
Internet pranksters have recreated the advert, with the caption: 'Yes. We are.
beach body ready'
Transport for London are in the process of removing the advert.
It comes as plus-sized fashion label Simply Be also created its own poster.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot instead of lipstick.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Catherine Zeta Jones rubs honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Argentine stars Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo joined their partners at San Carlo Italian Restaurant on Sunday night.
Manchester United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville waving a Stars and Stripes flag.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions.
One veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool edged past Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.
Blackburn came close to levelling matters when Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Sportsmail's Oliver Todd rated the player's performances.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal against Reading.
The Poland goalkeeper has been deposed as David Ospina's No 1.
Arsene Wenger admits he is working hard to win back his place.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it lags.
He launched party's 'policies for women' alongside Suzanne Evans and Diane James.
Polls suggest 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10% of women.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, has been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
The charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia.
Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house at Muskingum University last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.
Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction.
Items include 11 restored photos of Captain Robert Scott’s doomed expedition to the South Pole.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation to complete a 20-point, fourth-quarter comeback.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston 103-95 to move one win away from a sweep in the first play-off series for five years.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods.
With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear.
He hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury.
Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer has given his starters generous rest.
Reggie Jackson scored 15 of his 29 points in the fourth quarter.
Detroit Pistons beat Miami Heat 99-98.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The infant was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that members of the Neilrex community, 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, can help with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they were stuck with the wrong partner.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
Richard III was depicted by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad'
But a 3D reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’
This means he was very far from being a hunchback, experts claim.
This may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis.
Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped disguise the curve in his spine.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park in Oregon.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin scored.
Darlington Nagbe and Aurelien Collin stood strong in defence.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home was also destroyed.
Dennis Krauss said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Utility companies, including Thames Water, have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer.
Already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left to go.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut last August.
The 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract.
Chelsea are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper Petr Cech.
Bettinelli is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday.
The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed.
Clocks will spring forward again on October 4.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley.
The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster.
Paisley sat down with Sturridge to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election, crushing the Tories and trouncing Labour.
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from ankle injury.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out.
Pep Guardiola warns the whole team must work together to compensate for missing players.
Temperatures are set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F)
That would be the hottest this year so far, according to the Met Office.
The weekend is set to be slightly cooler, with a cool front arriving from the West.
It comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
Ken Doherty is just two frames away from crashing out of World Championships qualifying.
The 45-year-old has won the title twice since 1997.
Graeme Dott is a former world champion, winning the showpiece event.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back.
But ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
Photographer Duncan Fraser captured the encounter at Sunset Dam on his way back to camp at dusk.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close in one of Britain's most exclusive postcodes.
It boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral.
The 8,147 sq ft mansion has six bedrooms, two kitchens, a drawing room, dining room, study, office, library, media room and wine cellar.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a big name to boost the club's profile.
Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
The majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow.
Lowering the amount in the body means it's less able to spread.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods.
Asda's Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
David Hyche came up with the device nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her five-year-old son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, lashed out on Facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison.
Tiger Woods has confirmed he will play at the Masters this week.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from hip displasia and scoliosis.
Condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly.
She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) and needs to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Liam, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Despite her hip problems, Lynn had wanted a natural delivery but had to have a c
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had food poisoning.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Jim Culloty’s Spring Heeled in Grand National.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the race.
Nicholls said it was unfair to tie the horse down to a gelding which is far from certain to run.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final day.
McIlroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place.
The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters.
Jordan Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, charged with murder after shooting dead Walter Scott.
The father-of-four, 50, was shot dead in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is.
But a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car.
Tory London Mayor Boris Johnson warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today demanded an end to austerity, rising benefits payments and the abolition of Trident as the price for propping up a weak Labour government.
Cobain lived in the two-bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.
It is inside a 1920's building and has undergone a full renovation.
The current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
He said: 'The place is the perfect combination of comfort, style, location and rock n' roll history'
Tory supporters love a good trashy plane read, while Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights.
UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday.
Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful New Zealand.
Chelsea captain John Terry names his PFA Team of the Year.
Philippe Coutinho and Harry Kane named as the Premier League's finest.
Terry also picks Sergio Aguero and Juan Mata in his XI.
Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Eden Hazard as Young Player.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
The findings may provoke some to reassess their view of the opposite sex.
But the research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
It has been known that chimpanzees use tools like humans for more than 50 years.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National.
The Northern Irishman has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
McIlroy has won 11 of his 14 majors ranked No 1 in the world.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10 from being electrocuted to death in a puddle.
Their family home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macqurie, had lost power on Wednesday.
The children's mother decided to take them for a walk in a nearby park.
Aussie – who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos.
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half (45%) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents.
The outback Casanova posted an advertisement on Gumtree.
The 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes' and 'don't drink, don't smoke, DON'T do drugs, like travelling, love the outdoors, sports, fishing, camping blah blah blah'
He promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered'
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to contest a controversial FA Cup final.
Many were already wounded from war or in uniform for training.
The match was christened the Khaki Cup Final.
It was played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker has been criticised for not immediately running to Cristiano Ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal.
Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game.
Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, when he was 17 in 1995.
His younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned just twice, on the advice of her counselor, to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt.
But when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them.
They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Tracy Morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on Monday, almost a year after his horrific auto accident.
It comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
Morgan was critically injured in early June when a Wal-Mart tractor-trailer rammed into a limousine bus he and his friends were travelling in on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the Arsenal midfield since returning from loan at Charlton earlier in the season.
The 23-year-old wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in a pivotal clash in the race for Champions League football.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted.
In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco.
Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach.
Two wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' in Dakar yesterday.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
Wrestling is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday.
Argentina striker Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for the Azzurri.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with Inter Milan.
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
The London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney.
The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine.
It sees a young girl dressed in a bloodstained nightgown scare unsuspecting walkers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up to her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen singing a hauntingly horrifying melody.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored the goals for the Baggies.
Alan Pardew left Crystal Palace two days before the game kicked off.
Pardew won the Premier League LMA Manager of the Year award during his 10-month tenure.
Carlo Ancelotti faces dilemma of trying to fit seven players into his starting line-up.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez all fit for Real Madrid.
Italian giants Inter Milan have been hit with internal problems.
PSG beat Marseille 3-2 at the Stade Velodrome in France on Sunday.
Manchester council made £14.8m from car parking in 2013/14.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing council a 15p profit.
There are 100,000 parking meters yet several councils are still yet to upgrade them to accept the three-year-old 5p and 10p coins.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash out again this summer.
The Chilean believes City must sign a 'crack' player like Sergio Aguero.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the French club.
The 33-year-old now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books.
Daredevil Nik Wallenda says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando, Florida, this month.
Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes she was selling.
Bower, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook, including dozens of fake designer handbags.
She has been accused of theft and is on house arrest as a condition of bond.
Esteban Cambiasso scored in Leicester's 2-1 win over West Ham.
The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan midfielder was man of the match.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat: 'Allan was and always will be a stalwart in South Africa'
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Craig Gardner scored the second goal as Tony Pulis' side eased their relegation fears.
The Baggies now sit eight points clear of the bottom three.
Dan Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University.
The company processes credit card payments for small businesses.
Price said he was motivated to make the radical change after reading a study about how much pay raises increase happiness for people making less than $70,000 a year.
High street chains are calling time on cut-price promotions that go on forever.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ella Beasley had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly.
The aspiring model from Hampshire had the tattoo after Ian Watkins was jailed for 35 years.
Watkins was convicted of a string of child sex offences including attempted rape of a fan's baby.
Ella said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
The canal boat was moored near a children's play area in Christchurch Meadows, where the River Thames flows through Reading.
The Delorean was spotted travelling between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday.
It was a replica of the car used in the Back to the Future films.
Officers joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie.
Scientists have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
Gates are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice.
Jaydene Parsons, 23, James Ireland and Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, are accused of assisting an offender.
When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.
Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Sonia says her other daughter is aware that her little sister is sick, but just wants to spend as much time with her as she can.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
The 34-year-old is joint third-highest goalscorer in the Premier League.
Chelsea beat Leicester 3-1 at the King Power Stadium on Wednesday night.
Red Devils striker Radamel Falcao has scored only four goals this campaign.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert have failed to replace Luis Suarez.
A mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat.
He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service.
The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the service men and women of World War I.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week.
But her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
State-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital opened today.
It has a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad.
But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood.
Last year, nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health.
Chelsea defender Wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence'
The 20-year-old was with Vitesse’s squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club.
Vitesse refused to comment on the nature of the offence which led to the arrest.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix.
Hamilton has been on pole at the last four, and already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
It was another 'home run' performance from Hamilton, who claims he is a perfectionist.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs in Pierres, south-west of Caen.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Saskia's football fan boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test.
Marked her answers with red pen, she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50.
He commented, 'Well done Saskia! As a result, I will not be dumping you! (Lucky you)'
The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section.
There were even 'helpful' instructions including 'Read every question at least twice'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases.
Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs.
A jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
She spanked him with a pair of trainers and threatened to post footage online.
Bell, a mother, jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs.
This means that our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
Jumping onto its bed before rolling off and crashing into the back of its mother.
Blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Reading at Bloomfield Road.
The Seasiders have been relegated from the Football League.
Lee Clark admitted they face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice.
Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf.
He hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes.
After nine holes where the ball was struck with impressive authority, Woods decided to call it a day.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a French mountainside on March 24.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose, has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Sylvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
Says that she tried everything to stop her cravings but nothing worked.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his California home Monday morning after someone stole the car from their driveway.
His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing.
Paul claims his wife Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something he claims she was doing for their own safety.
They have now hired an attorney, but former FBI agent Rick Smith seems to think they may not have a case against police.
Part-time actor was flying from Newcastle to Gatwick when he was pulled aside.
Staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive.
The 58-year-old, who previously appeared in Blackadder, was surprised at mix-up.
He was told consistency of pudding could see it 'technically' classed as Semtex.
Traveller offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it wasn't.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
Gayla met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum and soon found herself overwhelmed with lusty fans.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
The promise that all over-75s will get a guaranteed same-day GP appointment will raise eyebrows among critics.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together.
The teens' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh.
The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it.
Footage shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears, wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.
He was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in 2006.
Lee, 28, was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq and was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery.
The remarks outraged Lee, who said she was shaking and reduced to tears to hear the general trivialize the city for which her son had died.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man.
He is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir.
The West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) have been denied citizenship rights for 70 years.
They are unable to own property or vote in state elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu nationalist party won a share of power.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
Rhodesian ridgeback was left with wounds to all four paws and a deep wound.
Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to vets.
She was also banned from keeping animals for five years and had 27 other dogs confiscated.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine.
Worrying conclusions come in survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took his wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks.
But when he returned he was told she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife, who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis at Anfield.
The Reds lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Saturday.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal of the game.
He has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as Danny Welbeck at Arsenal with four.
Keith Whitworth, 61, jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse against three children.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father throughout her childhood.
She was given a choice at bedtime; she could go to bed early or take a beating with her father's belt.
As an adult, Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15, and four years later she had a son.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than 40 years ago, research shows.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
Many patients being diagnosed today suffered cancer-causing sunburn when they were young, experts said last night.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot against Manchester United.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Colin Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months yesterday.
Heath, who was in a relationship with Miss Woolley at the time, admitted manslaughter.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Click here for more boxing news.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has warned Sinfield he will be a 'target'
Former leader spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas.
He suggested that President Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early.
Also implied that the country's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon.
And he said that the comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future.
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina.
Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal for Manchester City.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts.
KP has a Twitter following of nearly 2.5million.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created following a request from an unnamed buyer in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He was seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in.
Two jail employees told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
The unnamed inmate then began punching the other officer in the room, who used a Taser but could not subdue him.
Three detention officers were taken to a nearby hospital, and two of them had been knocked unconscious.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event.
The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar in straight sets to win the Barcelona Open.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
Gerard Pique and Shakira were in the stands for the final.
International Red Cross hopes to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into Yemen by plane.
It is also trying to get staff by boat from Djibouti to Aden, but fighting has complicated efforts.
ICRC has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen.
The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis.
UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
The storm brought enough snow to the Sierra near Lake Tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the California Highway Patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway.
More than an inch fell on some counties in the San Francisco Bay Area, where rainy weather slowed the morning
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted by Premier League heavyweights.
Arsenal and Manchester United are interested in the likes of Schneiderlin and Clyne.
Louis van Gaal has made a right back a priority this summer.
Manchester City and Chelsea are both short of homegrown players.
Tyrannosaurus rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought.
They hunted in gangs which included young and older members, researchers claim.
Paleontologists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus.
Some of the injuries appeared to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, others appear to have occurred after death.
Daspletosaurus is thought to have not just hunted but also scavenged for food.
Cannibalism is relatively common in the natural world, with 1,000 species known to eat their own species.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against West Brom.
The Leicester City striker scored a late winner to keep their survival hopes alive.
Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
He is the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after anorexia.
She began strict diet regime at 16, living off black tea and coffee.
Determined to lose weight, she would go for up to three days without eating a single thing.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic.
After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
Frank Lampard returned to Chelsea after 13 trophy-laden years at the club.
The 36-year-old was pictured walking down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Disney and Lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that's full of Stormtroopers, Jedis and lightsabers.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars.
Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
The dentist was less excited and'started looking at my teeth'
Paula Creamer has called for a Women's Masters tournament for women at Augusta National.
Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
The World No 27 said: 'I think the patrons and everybody would love to have two weeks there, two tournaments'
Eden Hazard scored the winner in Chelsea's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
The Belgian is expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has praised Hazard's exceptional talent and his unwavering humility amid his success.
Giudice lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia, having turned down their first approach.
Sam Allardyce's future as West Ham boss is subject to much speculation at a time when an extraordinary letter sent by lawyers acting for Blackburn Rovers owners Venky’s to football agency Kentaro's legal representatives is still doing the rounds
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28.
Items include Issa dress worn by Kate Middleton for engagement photos, and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City.
The items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
The prize fund at €5million is handsome and the players are treated regally.
But there are some events where players ought to feel an obligation to play.
Charles Barnhoorn took nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug commonly known as Nos - before taking his own life.
He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon by his heartbroken mother Susan.
Coroner Ian Arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since the age of 19.
Has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since then.
Now wants £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding'
Also wants taxpayer to pay for honeymoon in Mexico, paid for by taxpayer.
Says tying the knot would boost her confidence and encourage her to find a job.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes.
Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals this term.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
Despite the worrying statistics, only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans.
Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
The rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight, 600 million of which are classified as obese.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day.
He ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she doesn't fall off.
She used to get lost when she was left alone.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago.
After witnessing Mr Jones capture test shot of Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, at event, she apparently went over to him and said: 'This is not the image I want for the city'
The girls' mouths 'dropped' and moments later, they and Mr Jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official.
Now, Ms Taylor has been fired for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.
Their connection proved strong when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later the phone rang again, calling with the same sad news.
Friends and family will gather on Saturday evening for a 'Celebration of life
Arsenal host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table.
The Gunners have won 11 games in all competitions this season.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
The right side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
There are no reported injuries from the 97 passengers on board.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's battling 2-2 draw against Fulham on Friday.
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at Craven Cottage.
Caldwell, 32, only replaced the axed Malky Mackay on Wednesday.
Many smartphones on sale today include built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
Around 21 per cent of adults in the UK say they have listened to radio using a
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
But when the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Statement 90s chop made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber.
It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for Sky Sports coverage of Manchester derby.
Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go.
He was quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left.
But he was equally gobsmacked by Yaya Toure's lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero scored a late second.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today.
The petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre, declaring that the money would indeed change her life.
Unbeknown to the media, Viv was so poor that she couldn’t even afford a pair of tights for the press conference, and had to borrow her sister’s.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy.
The 31-year-old spent four years in prison after being found guilty of murder.
He was seen looking at a £105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city.
Sololecito and his former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years.
They were both sentenced to 26 and 25 years in jail respectively after Kercher's body was discovered with 47 separate wounds on November 1, 2007.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day.
While Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school.
Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up majority stake in Claridge's, Connaught and Berkeley Hotel.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties.
They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.
Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists.
This is in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 in Dublin last week.
The pair posed with Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
Van Gerwen was sensational averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s, as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter, but his compatriot could be leaving the tournament early.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery.
The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD?
It’s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you.
We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don't.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
The Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
Nolito played alongside Messi for a period at Barcelona, but struggled to impress at the Catalan club that are four points clear at the top of La Liga.
Campaigning manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
Advice also encourages them to compliment people's homes.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments.
Party's membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering the Lib Dems and Ukip.
On a visit to the Scottish town of Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin.
Marcel Hirscher was the first male alpine skier to ever clinch four straight World Cup titles.
The 26-year-old Austrian teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt.
Six GoPros, and a range of other cameras captured the dazzling rainbow effect, which surrounded him at every turn.
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree, she will be following in her father's footsteps.
For European or international flights, try PrivateFly's Empty Legs option.
Stay in a castle in the Lake District, a stately home in Wiltshire and a private island in the Philippines.
Getmyboat.com is the Airbnb of the yacht world. Browse 28,000 boats in 135 different countries that are affordable.
Barcelona defeated Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season.
Messi scored twice, Suarez scored two and Neymar scored two.
Barcelona are now five points clear of Real Madrid in La Liga.
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene has switched from Slovenia to Great Britain.
Bedene crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
The 21-year-old Czech star beat Bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the last four.
Vesely will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
His identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls teenage girls.
Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify the man.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10.30pm on Monday night.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to und
Tortoise escapes becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell.
The baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls.
But the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack.
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a car crash in 2010.
She gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the Air Ambulance Service.
The pair dressed up as Simon Cowell, Baywatch lifeguards and even pitched to clients in their pyjamas.
Charlotte, co-founder of fitness company Rabble, owes the charity her life.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
The crane also recovered 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers.
Officers at the jail, privately run by controversial firm G4S, disclosed the haul in an internal document.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy.
Kristi read from one of the messages: 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic)'
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone, means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain.
The remaining'snow' isn't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass, plastic shards and goodness knows what else.
Vlad Tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables.
The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage.
He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis on Friday.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave the Blues the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham scored.
Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
James Creag, 11, suffers from Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
Condition means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
He has to wear a special brown suncream to avoid being taunted in the street.
His mother Claire, 34, said: 'It was either ignorance or evilness'
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40ft off Appley Bridge quarry in Wigan in 2012.
She was not expected to survive and was told she would lose both of her legs.
Her family were then told she was unlikely to pull through and would almost certainly lose her legs if she did.
Through perseverance, she is finally on the way to recovery and says her children are her inspiration.
But after learning that a teenage boy drowned in the quarry on Friday, Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb bought the property in Jimena de la Frontera in 2008.
The couple are trying to sell the four-bedroom property but it is now on the brink of being torn down.
They say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
The former Manchester United right-back believes Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Harrison Coogan and Hunter Coker, both 18, and Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, 19, told police they were heading to Gulf Shores for spring break celebrations.
They were stopped for an expired tag on I-10 in Mobile County, Alabama.
Officers found nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine.
More than 100 cases of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel was confiscated.
James May said viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of abuse.
May is currently getting ready to tour a Top Gear spin-off around the UK.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs.
Charities say state-appointed 'dog catchers' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi challenge.
Players aim to sink balls into convertible Audi's from long range.
Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win over the Blues.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race.
But he says the top-four battle is not over either.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back.
The 90-year-old was discovered covered in cuts and bruises in his home.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours have described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Bright yellow gatso had enforced 30mph speed limit for motorists in Birmingham.
But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19 and turn up the heat on owner Mike Ashley.
A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports.
Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part indemonstrations held both before and after the game at St James' Park.
AshleyOut.com has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in the season.
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool.
She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle.
The woman kicked him and he then disappeared.
Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract at Stamford Bridge last July.
Atletico Madrid are considering bringing Luis back in the summer.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet in Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
The Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism this season.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
People are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the Gulf region.
In Abu Dhabi, a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Travelers complain of long queues at airports across the world.
LAX in Los Angeles and Hurghada International Airport in Egypt are among the worst.
Airports have been named as the most frustrating in North America.
The Surfers Paradise Meter Maids started in 1965.
It was the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey.
He introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters.
Local business owners have labelled the group outdated and were no longer providing a service.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the Briton after the race.
The 29-year-old claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel.
Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Rosberg.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner.
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
Fern Britton revealed how close she came to suicide following divorce.
Mother-of-four had first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life.
She has been married to TV chef Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen years.
The couple met on the TV food show Ready, Steady, Cook.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a home.
He has been abandoned by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex.
The breed has become increasingly popular due to Game of Thrones and Twilight.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town.
When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Michael Slager shot dead African-American father-of-four Walter Scott.
The 50-year-old was running from the officer when he was shot dead.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#Walter Scott'
Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe.
It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
Accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels.
The average hike was five to seven hours and at times I walked for ages without meeting another soul.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been arrested in connection to the murder of David Messerschmitt, 30, in a Washington, DC hotel on February 9.
Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student, a cteacher said on Thursday.
Among the items recovered from the room were a computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit, according to police sources.
Police sources told the Washington Post that it was believed that the lawyer's death was motivated by a robbery.
The 21-year-old is due in D.C. Superior
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California, costs more than any other major festival.
Visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to Travel money specialist No.1 Currency.
England’s Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost calculated from the five-day £565 ticket.
Huma Abedin, 38, was spotted with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan, 2, at Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon.
Weiner, a disgraced former congressman, ordered the family's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call.
It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted, sunglasses on, in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness.
But now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities.
In China, four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)
Former Spurs defender Angel Rangel is in line for his first start for over two months.
Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for the Toffees with a hamstring injury.
Aiden McGeady, Darron Gibson, Bryan Oviedo and Tony Hibbert also doubt.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night.
She was buying a chicken for her and Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
The man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
Ms Barthololomew and the butcher both said she didn't end up paying for the chicken she and Mr Guerra later ate.
But the butcher said he simply wanted her out of the shop and did not swear at or
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance despite cold and wet conditions.
Large groups gathered elsewhere around the country, with the nation's capital Canberra in particular focus as many gathered in the dark outside the Australian War Memorial.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests.
Attempted to propose but has ring thrown back in his face.
Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Southern California Walmart on April 5 around 8.45am.
The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas.
He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel at 6.26am and took out $800 in cash before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga.
Jones was also reportedly mugged and assaulted during the trip to California while outside of The Plaza Club, and was left with a concussion before he was sent to Cedars-Sinai Medical
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury after dropping serve for the second time.
Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge, a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station were just a few of the fake photos.
The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop.
Fabio Lovato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in the Cineworld.
The 30-year-old created a short video showcasing pictures of the couple.
He then got down on one knee in the cinema and popped the question.
Laura was overjoyed by the proposal and says she doesn't rate Fast and Furious.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked during Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Rayo defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
Ronaldo is now free to start at the Bernabeu against Eibar on Saturday.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer.
Women who are using combined HRT have double the risk of cancer compared to non-users.
If women use HRT for more than 10 years, their risks are even higher.
The Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK are the two largest studies into the effects of HRT.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of election campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12 - more than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the groom-to-be.
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter.
The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Idaho firm ReachIn has already installed its system in 10 shelters across the US, letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
The Hilti DD350 drill was used by thieves during the brazen heist.
They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems.
Police are offering a £20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
Shibu Inu caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an American Kennel Club centre.
The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer, they revealed last night.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.
In a chance discovery in mice, it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body’s number
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to the floor.
He'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near the bottom of a pallet.
But she was unable to hold it normally due to her injured thumbs.
She ended up on the floor and in serious pain as Tesco workers pulled him.
Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28, 2009.
She claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs.
Ian Gibson, 60, had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago.
He joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd as plane refueller in 2007.
His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes.
In 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later.
Mr Gibson claims bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating and was overlooked for an office-based job.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR.
The centre-back has 15 months left on his contract at Loftus Road.
Hull are also interested in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Usain Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital.
The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.
Bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
VICTORIA BECKHAM had a hit with this armband shift dress.
Next also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said.
Two boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family.
Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation.
Patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants.
Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the group.
This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Click HERE for the first part of our countdown, featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo, Louis Oosthuizen and the late, great Seve Ballesteros.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader – claiming he is a 'backstabber'
Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be key demand.
He said he wanted to avoid a repeat of 'ideological gimmicks' of Gove.
Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms.
Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's Cabinet reshuffle.
Michelle Heale, 46, was babysitting Mason Hess in Tom's River, New Jersey.
She claimed she was trying to burp him when he began choking on applesauce.
But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
When the verdict was read out, the mother sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
She then turned to her husband and told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget her.
Manny Pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman.
He is just over 5ft 6in but doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival.
Lara Logan was sexually assaulted while reporting on the Egyptian protests in February 2011.
The 43-year-old was forced to take a seven-month leave of absence after admitting her report on the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, was based on a discredited first-hand account.
Logan is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last.
The talented artist's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters.
Meanwhile, the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates.
Their Melbourne barrister Julian McMahon visited the men last week and says they are well.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
The Italian striker picked up a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
Unite has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts.
Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
Although the scientific paper is yet to be published, the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC.
She said there was 'no ban' on Clarkson being on BBC after sacking.
Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting producer.
He was told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation.
But Clarkson has said he is already thinking about his next television project.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He said a vote for Ukip would be equal to a Labour government propped up by the SNP.
Mr Johnson also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories in Thanet and defeat the Ukip leader.
His intervention signals the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority Labour government dependent on the votes of SNP MPs.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country.
The England skipper has also played alongside Steven Gerrard and John Terry for the national side.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Stancil, who had a knife with him, was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance.
The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, and shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane.
Lane, who was gay, had been in a relationship with a man named Chuck Tobin, who vanished after leaving home last July and his remains were found
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney who took advantage of the first hand held camera, the Detective Camera.
The detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on Sydney streets, defining it as a ‘real revolution and turning point in photography’
People from the Flickr community helped identify landmarks and other details in the photos to help locate where they were taken.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in attack near the finish line two years ago.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee Sofia in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city of Istanbul.
Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
The 32-year-old aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city as it contrasts with the ornate, Ottoman architecture.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Sergio Aguero scored against Manchester United.
The Manchester City striker tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up'
Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday night.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages.
Van Gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United in the race for fourth.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969, six months into his presidency.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998.
His facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17 years on.
Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General said it investigated allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct between October 2008 and September 2012.
Fannie Randle, who has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
USC senior Alicia Jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former Beta alumni, as well as their friends and family, to raise money for Ms Randle's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce.
She also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Yes she made some mistakes. Yes she is an alcoholic. Yea I've f***ed up too. But nobody deserves this s***. So
Teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham.
Allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles.
More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby was a hoax.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Labour leader Ed Miliband would soon 'change his tune'
Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP.
But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
Inmates of different races and gang backgrounds mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
The Sensitive Needs Housing Unit is set to protect former members from the gangs, some of the more prominent being the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gangs Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia from the south.
Russia yesterday lifted ban on supplying Iran with air defence missile system.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 equipment 'promptly'
Move likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, drove his Van Amersfoort car at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany.
Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed.
Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity, Swanswell, to provide pupils, parents and schools with advice on energy drinks.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations that ultimately forced the ministry to file for bankruptcy.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
Coastguards took to the water near Gulf Harbour, off Auckland's Whangaparaoa Peninsula after receiving a call out about the event.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, fondled teenager's breasts during routine examination.
He then cupped and squeezed her breasts before telling her to put clothes back on.
The father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, had spent 12 years working in the NHS, but has now lost everything because of a'moment of madness', his lawyer told the court.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million.
The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago.
It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead alongside a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Straw had been stuffed inside old clothes that had been sewn together.
FA chairman Greg Dyke has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving.
England C is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough, who selects from players outside the Football League aged 23 and under.
FA chairman Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts a week before heist.
They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday.
But they thought it was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.
It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery.
Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
The mother-of-five was first diagnosed with the disease in 2005.
It has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
The union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other United Arab Emirates airlines claiming they 'are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees'
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
At the age of just 19, and playing a 16 year old, it felt rather creepy having a schoolgirl crush on the young star.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled.
Came as Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
Mr Cameron promised to ‘take to the streets’ to defend Tory record.
The 34-year-old model, who has announced she's retiring from the runway, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week.
The Brazilian mother-of-two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning.
Make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models' faces.
Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago.
Hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen these symbols to call them.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park.
The seven-second video shows the primate sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker.
It was then shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption 'Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel'
Emma Forbes, 49, bought seven-bedroom home for £43 million in February.
The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage.
Neighbours have expressed mixed views about the house, which was completed this year after a two-year build.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week.
The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club.
The pair knew each other from passing through Barca's youth system but Vilanova was let go in 1990 and played for several lower league teams before finally getting his chance in the Spanish top flight with Celta Vigo.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season.
The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move.
Arsenal will not be the only club interested in luring the stopper.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like It's 1989'
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared.
Carney is set to be out for six to eight weeks.
Winger James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-a-week at Liverpool.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce believes Sterling's price tag is too high.
Sterling scored his first goal for England in the 4-0 win against Lithuania.
Incident happened on unregistered road between A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire.
Driver followed sat nav and ended up losing roof of lorry.
Police are considering pursuing driver for driving offence.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on Facebook.
But the 35-year-old insists the pictures show him enjoying himself 'like a normal person'
He insists they do not undermine his ability to do the job as a politician.
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months.
Mackay was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman David Sharpe.
The 43-year-old was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November.
Sportsmail understands Mackay was close to suffering the sack back in February.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.
Johnson answered bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham on Thursday.
He will now appear in Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Julie Creffield was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18.
She completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous other races.
Now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide To Running, she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox, from Colchester, Essex, is just two years old.
His mother Kate is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
The real George is due to become a big brother at any moment.
Ronnie Tran and his mother kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife where she was tied to a cupboard.
Police say Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton yesterday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott, 55, during a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
The officer had little in his file to suggest excessive force.
Residents of the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his gesture.
Krul was speaking on Sky Sports after the Wear-Tyne derby.
Carragher: 'I can’t understand why any player would feel the need to do that'
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom.
The striker has said he wants to play Champions League football.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the striker.
Berahino is likely to be included in the England under 21 squad for this summer's European Championships.
Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
Their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents, and which was overseen by a dietician.
Researchers claim that eating fatty food for just five days can change the body's metaboilsm for the worse.
A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road.
It crushed trees in its powerful path and left toppled power lines in its wake.
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Tald
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
It is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles.
Puncheon appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during the second-half.
Gary Bowyer believes Blackburn should brace themselves for interest from top-flight clubs following their FA Cup quarter-final exit.
The Rovers boss believes the club should maintain that over the next six games and show the Premier League big boys.
Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede have both been attrackted in the last two transfer windows.
RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history.
RunBase is the sixth RunBase for Adidas 0 the first in the U.S.
It will differ from locations from Tokyo to Prague, as well as the Nike store nearby, because of its association with the Boston Marathon.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' on Tuesday.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortions'
Abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester.
Saturday Night Live mocked Hillary Clinton's decision to announce her presidential campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
She is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is 'the highest and hardest glass ceiling'
The records belonging to two of Edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI.
Geoffrey Rush's great uncle, James Thomas Rush, served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army.
He was wounded in France in September 1918.
Ancestry.com will be opening the 12 million WWI records free to search for Australians until Sunday, April 26 at 11:59pm.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently.
But do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations?
Use his short household audit to see how many of the below items you own.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more posh your house must be.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is believed to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club.
Puyol could join up with Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard in the States or with his former team-mate Xavi, who is expected to move to Qatar with Al-Sadd.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate.
That would have commemorated his Purple Heart and Combat Infantryman's Badge.
The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join forces.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro, 21, has proved a hit on social media.
Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily.
She describes herself as a'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or'sexy' in Spanish.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Decorations were first seen at the royal wedding in 2011.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the day.
Messages and mascots also feature in the town's stores.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.
He beats Rafa Benitez in the average of goals conceded per game.
Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti also have impressive records.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal U21s against Reading.
The England midfielder was joined by Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
Finch was injured playing for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL.
The 28-year-old has never played Test cricket and was not included in the squad.
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents.
Artist Joe Joiner, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance, has created a moving new art installation in tribute.
Created as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign, the installation is made up of two huge glass boxes, inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
The victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday.
This popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's.
In a leaked memo from the firm's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
She added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child.
It is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li said he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will join Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford at the Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium.
Tracey Cox says Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing.
She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to stay friends with an ex.
Gwyneth openly praised Jennifer Lawrence when he dated Chris.
Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage.
The famously liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
Ginsburg has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases, cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody.
Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses.
Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New York.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He has been described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
Munden was detained at the private facility under a hospital order following his sentence last August for sexual offences.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show set in the zoo.
After the attack, the drone crashed to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died'
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Fast-forward three months later and she hasn't received instruction from Social Security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
His diabetes had caused an artery to be clogged requiring emergency surgery.
The 53-year-old underwent an emergency five-hour operation to save his leg.
He will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Private jet companies estimate costs from New York to Glendale for the Super Bowl this year at around $38,000 (£25,322)
For the Monaco Grand Prix in May, the trip is a more affordable £8,835 ($13,253) from London to Cannes.
The most expensive airport is Haneda Airport in Tokyo, where planes are charged a whopping £4,559 ($6,850) for the privilege of landing.
Boris Milat has confessed to knowing of his brother's first violent crime.
The 17-year-old shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962.
He hid the truth for 50 years as the 'wrong man' was convicted and jailed.
Mr Milat said he was confessing to bring closure to Alan Dillon, who was jailed for Milat's first crime.
Two men burst into Esso filling station in Caterham, Surrey, last Wednesday.
They forced their way into manager's office looking for cash and fled.
Police have released CCTV images of the two men which they hope will lead to calls from the public.
Three people have been taken to hospital following a head-on collision.
The 1973 E-Type Jaguar was completely written off when it came up against a Toyota Kluger on their Sunday drive.
Police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town against Caldy on Sunday.
The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings.
Floyd Mayweather is one of the highest-paid fighters in the world.
The undefeated boxer has earned more than $400million in his career.
He has a vast collection of cars, private jets and jewellery.
Sportsmail looks at his extravagant purchases via social media.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala over the murder of Joan Kagezi.
Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before a major trial.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
In the video she hands Mr Cain her present, which dates from the 1920s.
It shows his mother as a teenager, while his family encourage him.
The man was located after Operation Resolve launched the appeal on Thursday.
Investigators believe fans may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the 1989 disaster after Liverpool fans were crushed.
Police say it is 'unusual' to carry out appeals during ongoing legal proceedings.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Vincent Viafore, 46.
The couple were kayaking on the Hudson River April 19 when Viafore's kayak overturned, sending him into the frigid water.
Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater.
Authorities have yet to find Viafore’s body.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges last month.
His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
Langley has now publicly recanted her story, claiming that mood swings made her lie about being assaulted.
On Tuesday, she held a press conference on campus declaring that Durant is innocent and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
His skin is as fragile as a butterfly's wing.
Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
She followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Manchester United players met sick supporters on Monday.
Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Ashley Young also met the fans.
The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez's side with a neat one-on-one finish.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on.
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal.
The match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback'
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
The canines would bark until 5am and throughout the day outside the property just 300 feet from the Kreins.
John Updegraff and Karen Szewc, who claim to keep livestock on their land, tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock.
On Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role.
Border collies Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
The pair were filmed by their owner and trainer Dai Aoki.
Aoki runs the Waterloo, Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care.
Candice Bergen, now 68, starred in the long-running CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown, which ran for ten years starting in 1988.
In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, she reveals that her father Edgar Bergen belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy.
When he died in 1978, her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie.
Charlie McCarthy was willed $10,000 with the proviso that the funds be managed, invested and reinvested to fund ventriloquist performances.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time.
He discovered he had been linked to eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967.
Fletcher hopes his research will prompt a new investigation into the disaster.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard hopes his Liverpool career will end at Wembley.
Gerrard's final game as a Liverpool player will come in the league against Crystal Palace on May 16.
The end for Gerrard and Liverpool will come at Stoke’s Britannia Stadium on Sunday, May 24.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew.
Lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system.
The semi-detached property in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even vintage cupboards.
The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
Wedding season is upon us and brides are on the hunt for ways to budget.
FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills.
The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening.
The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time.
A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members.
Federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Barclays Premier League.
Europa League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Andriy Yarmolenko.
T-shirts mock serious issue which affects one in six women.
Play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help.
Sulezy Lamplugh Trust aims to'make society a safer place'
British scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic 'chef' hands.
They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
The hands can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat.
Device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013.
She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself.
But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29, including surveillance videos from inside.
Hernandez's legal team has contested the legitimacy of the evidence, calling into question the testimony of an employee of weapons manufacturer Glock who had identified the black object as a gun.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4.
New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English.
She has embarrassed husband Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over spelling, punctuation and grammar.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
She wrote: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Her first experience was at 19 when she was studying at Cambridge.
After a few nit-free years in her early 20s, her relationship with the parasites resumed when she became a mother.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
It was the Czech's first meeting with Andy Murray since the Australian Open semi-final which Murray won in four sets.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
Viewers took to Twitter to praise Labour leader's'sexy grey tie'
Miliband has been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly.
But that didn't prevent him from coming top in the sex appeal stakes.
Shortly afterwards, a Vine of Mr Miliband smouldering sultrily took the internet by storm.
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission revoked Get Rid of Sids Project's charity status on Wednesday.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger who has penned a number of children's books, including Melanie's Marvelous Measles.
Dr Tenpenny cancelled her remaining talks due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
Hundreds of migrants have been arriving on Italian shores for days after being rescued at sea when their overloaded boats run into problems.
Italy has pressed the EU to devise plans to stop the tide of migrants on smuggler boats in the Mediterranean.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin.
He pleaded with other families to be supportive and get help for their loved ones with addictions.
Saige, five, declares she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend.
She tells her mother: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!'
But her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for like, five years'
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria.
Bayern have been cruising towards the Bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as the injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically.
Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday.
The Tottenham defender sustained the injury following a collision with Kieran Trippier during the 0-0 draw at Burnley on Sunday.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
Crystal and her father Kevin said they'll re-open soon but were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing and they didn't know if orders were fake or real.
'Anger. Bitterness. It's something I never expected or imagined when the comments were made,' said Kevin when asked about the reaction.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout.
The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs.
His own barrister told the judge the offence ‘beggars belief’
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands.
It could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly.
The carrier is one of an estimated 300 wrecks in the waters off San Francisco.
Leicester defeated West Brom 3-2 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns.
Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining the club in January.
Craig Gardner put his side back in front six minutes later.
But Leicester equalised in the 20th minute through Esteban Cambiasso.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza.
But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.
A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted.
Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition.
Vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low.
Eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them.
About 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end.
Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
Two men, 21 and 22, were charged and will appear in court this month.
'Loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas' residents are most at risk.
Essex and Gloucestershire have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
He would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa.
On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant.
The animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams.
Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in the new pool.
Millie-Belle Diamond, 14 months, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
The toddler from Warriewood, in northern Sydney, originally set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old.
On her first birthday, she smiled with her designer purse next to her fancy dolls.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet.
Jessica Mauboy, Maddison Brow, and Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
Show organisers had back-ups of the $899 tablet on hand that were not customised to give to the theft victims.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give each of the pilots a Bentley.
He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted.
Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances.
But they appeared to resume on Wednesday following advances by rebels.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst.
The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness.
Henthorn, 59, is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from the policy taken out in July 2001 on the grounds that he needs the money to pay for his attorney for the forthcoming murder trial.
London's Julie Falconer showcases the best of the English capital in all of its glory.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Sylvia Matzkowiak is a German Instagrammer and traveller, photographing locations as varied as South Africa and Venice.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched appeal last month asking for $300 or more to buy a $65million Gulfstream G650 to replace his damaged aircraft.
He claims the church's current plane, bought in 1999, is broken and needs to be replaced.
Dollar is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the United States.
The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway said he was fed up with 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
He said they were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children.
Mr Hannaway also claimed the cinema has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the Tuesday films.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed.
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
The firm has also used Facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to League One.
Lucas Akins scored both goals for Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side.
Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to the Championship.
Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0.
Mark O'Meara won the Masters in a play-off in 1998.
Billy Joe Patton's hole-in-one on the sixth on Sunday cost him victory.
Seve Ballesteros's 1983 victory was 'the best golf of my life'
Nick Faldo became only the second Briton ever to win the Masters.
Charl Schwartzel won in 2011 after four birdies in final four holes.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
No one was injured in the crash.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
The 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin chose Venice as the place to get married.
They chose the city of marble palaces, ancient churches, canals and waterways for their wedding celebrations.
Guests at the Belmond Hotel Cipriani can try two special cocktails that George created with head barman Walter Bolzonella.
The hotel is on the island of Giudecca, a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5miles in length.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move away from Liverpool.
The defender has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds.
Skrtel's contract at Anfield expires in 2016.
But the 30-year-old has rejected the rumours.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste alerts you to duplicate buys.
iFood plus, £2.99, helps you create recipes and meal plans.
Smartmeal calculates nutritional values of almost 350 foods.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring before Neymar doubled the lead.
Luis Enrique's side still have eight games to play.
Patrice Evra believes Juventus called upon quintessential Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night.
The Italians progressed 1-0 on aggregate after Arturo Vidal's second-half penalty proved the difference in Turin last week.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
Kelley Jo Snyder, a mother of three, was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.
Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for her safe return.
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold.
It asks a further 19 questions ranging from mundane to sinister.
At the top is an introduction implying it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762 and was indicted that December.
He answered a question about injections by saying he was 'a celebrity child'
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
David Villa joined MLS newcomers New York City FC.
The 33-year-old has been named club captain at Yankee Stadium.
The Carnival Spirit has been stranded outside Sydney Harbour since last night.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
11 metre waves have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride.
Carnival Spirit was scheduled to arrive 'early this morning' but was unable to do so because of the rough seas.
Robin van Persie Snr posted a video of his son scoring with a'scorpion kick'
The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still managed 10 Premier League goals.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
He was arrested after allegedly uploading images of child pornography to the social networking site, Tumblr.
James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District.
He was born into a job from which, now in his 40s, he takes infinite pride.
His Herdwick sheep are built for the fells in ways even the hardiest shepherds are not.
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
The Qatari-backed French club have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool.
Manchester United have yet to hold detailed talks with the player.
Louis van Gaal gave Depay his international debut for Holland.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the'respect he deserves'
But a decent chunk of Arsenal’s supporters feel he doesn’t deserve much.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised shortly before half time with an incredible strike from inside his own half.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night.
The match will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium.
Jason Wilcox's side thrashed Coventry City 8-2 in the fourth round.
Chelsea won a thrilling 5-4 on aggregate against Tottenham last month.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot on Monday.
DeBoinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton on Tuesday.
The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
Depp plays the notorious criminal who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011.
The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life.
Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby.
But there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi.
European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks.
A string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium, will also be investigated.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Debenhams found on average the second born has over £500 less spent on them in the first 12 months, than the first sibling who is showered with attention and given the best of everything.
Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then as well as having a poorer record of their upbringing.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle.
Kent firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy.
Rodgers' side were dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by Aston Villa on Sunday.
Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is the right man.
Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench.
In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket.
Grey and white cat Marv got stuck in gap between two garages in Bristol.
He was left dangling upside down for two hours and the RSPCA couldn't coax him out.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from neighbour's wall.
After creating a hole in wall, Marv's tail and back legs were revealed.
Owner Brendon Veale said: 'It was great to see Marv reunited with his family'
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town and the best place for Indonesian cuisine.
The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies should hand over the names and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats.
But legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
A man driving to work in Alabama noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was captured after a foot chase.
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.
Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited Armenian church in Jerusalem.
Kardashian family fended off swooning fans as they entered Saint James Cathedral.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Gerry Adams said incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’
Comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast in front of her children.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The mega-fight is billed as the biggest pay-per-view event in sport.
Boxing legend Mike Tyson has featured in four of the top 10 highest grossing bouts.
Click here for all the latest boxing news.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Mercedes have won two of the three Formula One races this season.
Lewis Hamilton has come under fire from team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath.
It is believed she had been lying for four days.
Husband, Eric Isaiah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel on the day she is believed to have died.
He told hotel managers at the time that his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs.
The government stated ‘the current situation would not be tolerated’
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria, in March.
They found the hens ravaged and dying and had to be removed from the cages by the activists.
The owner of the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies in an enormous upset.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in the Camborne and Redruth constituency.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: ‘You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you’
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Fox told investigators that she decided to hurt Campbell because she did not want to be his girlfriend.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal.
Austria defender has impressed manager Marcel Koller at White Hart Lane.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join Spurs this summer.
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
But on Sunday they set another record as losers of the last five derbies.
Head coach John Carver said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout.
The 24-year-old could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage.
He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt.
Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross the road.
But Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing.
Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past.
Rustemi then returned minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle.
He punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards.
The former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg against Saracens in January.
Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of playing for England at the forthcoming World Cup.
The 26-year-old recently underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg.
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service, have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after
The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East.
The extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the United States, led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur.
The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.
His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The family of four recently moved to Charlotte, North Carolina and said the attention has been overwhelming and surprising.
John Carver says he is enjoying his role at Newcastle.
Newcastle have won just two games under Carver.
The 50-year-old believes he is getting the best out of the players.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff.
The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders.
Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures.
In a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage.
Stuart Dallas, Alan Judge and Jota scored for the Bees.
Bees manager Mark Warburton was delighted with his side's win.
Leeds lost 2-1 to Charlton in the Championship on Saturday.
Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to The Valley.
Some have suggested the players had gone 'on strike'
But Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
No accidents or injuries were reported and the equine is said to be fine.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
Police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Sweden's fab four sang 'At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender' in Eurovision song.
They paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, south of Brussels.
'Waterloo’ quickly entered the English language as a synonym for ‘a decisive defeat’
But the French-speaking world is less convinced.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of period drama Poldark.
BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore confirmed that Turner’s broody Ross would return for another series.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand.
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.
In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away.
Gadget was created by Wuppertal-based priebe, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero and his Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths.
The girls paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a 'test of their composure'
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account.
He spent the money on a number of expensive items including a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph and paintings.
Moore will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over lack of children.
Ujjal accused Naunihals's son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks'
Today, he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute.
Deportivo midfielder Jose Rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee Pedro Jesus Perez Montero pointing to the spot.
Sociedad seized the lead once more in the 57th minute with a goal of the highest quality.
But Deportivo came roaring back once more as Verdu Nicolas capitised on some poor defending.
A quadriplegic, former Indy Racing League driver got a chance to drive on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course track Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray.
When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Although he defied the odds last spring, driving on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Schmidt conquered a trickier task Sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course.
Mark Lippert said if North Korea improves its human rights record it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world, including the United States.
The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said his remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility.
'Lippert needs to drop the bad habit of rashly engaging in scheming chatter distorting the truth and instigating war by taking issue with us,' the committee said.
Henri Morris, 67, admitted drugging a female employee during a business trip.
He was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims.
She told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman.
The woman said when she woke up she was naked and her boss was standing over her and taking pictures on his mobile phone.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family in the French Alps.
The Welsh schoolboy became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop.
Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed last night.
They also described how the boy's mother Cari, 44, desperately tried to find her missing son.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday (12.45pm)
Manchester United host Aston Villa at 3pm (3pm) on Sunday (5.30pm).
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at 8pm (8pm)
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
Johnson has claimed a supervisor at the restaurant had an issue with her blonde highlights.
A quarter of Britons will be from a minority background by 2051, research shows.
The increase will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants who usually come to this country during their young, child bearing years.
Campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment.
But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Friend and club vice-chairman Ben Bennett said: 'It was just a tragic accident'
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver's side have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Carver admits he needs to change the team and hope that sparks something.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
The Czechs have won five games in a row.
Shadow chancellor said the letter was just a 'jokey note'
Letter was left in the Treasury by Liam Byrne before he left in 2010.
Mr Byrne wrote: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge.
One plan is to keep 42-year-old MP Inverness MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury by giving him lifetime sinecure in the House of Lords.
Leinster are currently fifth in the Pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures.
Bath's qualities are channeled through their attack, with Mike Ford giving the likes of England backs George Ford, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson a licence to play with flair.
Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008.
Turkish court imposed blocks on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday.
Prosecutors Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after being held at gunpoint by extremists.
Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running 'terrorist propaganda' images.
But they were ignored when requests to remove images were ignored.
Turkish Press Council said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and Establishment figures.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings that operated in London and Northern Ireland.
Raymond Townsend, manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
Other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his 'lap'
Matt Upson is out of Leicester City's clash with West Ham.
Jeff Schlupp could be rested for the Foxes.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Leicester have won just one of their last 10 Premier League games.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation.
Then moved to a second and third hotel to stay one step ahead of police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following tip-off.
Customer called in cops after witnessing staff butchering dog to be served as pork dish.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'I admit to killing the dog, but the meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave South Africa.
The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing.
He is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants' and should be expelled from South Africa - a charge he denies, saying it was bad translation.
His opulent wedding to sixth wife Zola Mafu in July cost an estimated £250,000.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
The footage shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication.
While Mr Honna was driving the car, his mate Mr Rose was filming the menacing incident on his phone.
During the terrorising journey, Mr Rose put his arm out
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon migrants.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Comes amid growing alarm over number of desperate families.
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas have yet to be signed.
Top Rank boss Arum said that the draft contract he received was not what he agreed with Mayweather Promotions and MGM when the term sheet was signed a few months ago.
Not being a signatory would mean that Top Rank wouldn't have control of decisions such as video content and music during the fight.
President Obama invited the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday - but couldn't help but get one last deflategate joke in.
Obama opened his speech by remarking that 'that whole (defllegate) story got blown out of proportion'
But then came the zinger: 'I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat'
The Patriots assembled behind him groaned and Coach Bill Belichick, who is notoriously humorless, responded by giving the president a thumbs down.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
The liberal arts college sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows.
Students and staff were asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
During the parental rights termination hearing at Lincoln Hall of Justice in Detroit, Blair yelled at Alex Dorsey, father of one of the children found dead.
Dorsey is the father of
The leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Earlier this year, residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers in England.
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it's description of diggers as 'dole bludgers', rapists and terrorists.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
The admin of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'
Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick after seven minutes.
Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke with a 95th minute equaliser.
Stoke had already had two goals ruled out for offside.
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing on Tuesday.
His parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot for more holidays.
Luke's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
NBC hold the live rights to show matches Stateside and have more than doubled US interest in England’s elite division in the past two years.
In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
This weekend, for the first time, reflecting their boom product, NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at M&S.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
When she could not get past him she exchanged heated words with him, it is alleged.
Mr Buckley, who weighed only 8st, fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist.
The following day an operation to repair his injuries appeared to go well.
But on Christmas Day he suffered what doctors believe was a
The motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his championship lead.
The Briton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq, and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters on Wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name.
Niall Horan will carry the Northern Irishman's bag in the par-three tournament.
McIlroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield.
Manchester United winger turned out for Under 21 side at Fulham.
Januzaj has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal.
Hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to a 21-year-old pledge during a hazing ritual gone wrong at the Sigma Nu fraternity in 1990.
The alleged victim told police that Hamm and seven other frat brothers beat him with a paddle and dragged him by his genitals.
Hamm was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his career.
Summer Robertson from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents.
The 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of South Africa's poorest townships.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Her parents have been remembering their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy'
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts.
She is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying.
But this time it is House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, who police are after, accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January.
He claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked despite being passed fit.
Marc Muniesa set to return to Stoke squad after missing five games.
Jonathan Walters expected to shake off calf knock in time for Blues.
Chelsea have won 10 and lost just one of 13 Premier League meetings with Stoke.
Ben Thurlow attacked Rebecca Hudson as she tended to his head injury.
The 23-year-old had been drinking in Driffield, East Yorkshire, when he was attacked.
He was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months, at Beverley Magistrates Court.
Thurlow had planned to propose to Ms Hudson before discovering she had been unfaithful.
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to ransom.
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
But SNP has vowed to work with Miliband to 'lock out' David Cameron.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the job.
But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Manuel Pellegrini's position is clearly vulnerable given City’s failures this year on all fronts – in the Champions League, the Premier League and the domestic cups.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton.
Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Wade Lange's clothing line has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching this week.
The Brisbane-based company's website crashed due to the demand from around the world.
There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs, ranging in price from $45 to $100.
Most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August.
She dumped the half-naked body in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn.
Meanwhile Muyran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were executed on Wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Despite their clear rehabilitation, Chan and
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of Samantha Fleming, 23.
Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary.
Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the Apple Watch.
The most expensive Edition model costs £2,500 more in the UK.
At the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model.
Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold.
California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street with a rifle.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored.
Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
Quake came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit west Los Angeles.
Angel Di Maria has had a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out strongly among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday.
The couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
Scott Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion.
Eddie Hearn has offered £1.5m for the fight with Carl Frampton.
The Matchroom promoter has upped the ante in a bid to book a July 18 date at Manchester Arena.
Frampton’s promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer.
Churchill Downs hosts the 141st running of the Kentucky Derby on May 2.
The track has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones.
Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids.
Selfie sticks aren't allowed inside Yankee Stadium.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, have opened up about their relationship.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship and has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
The Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche.
Wenger said it would be a'shame' for Burnley to go down.
Jermain Defoe scored Sunderland's winner in Wear-Tyne derby.
Dick Advocaat's side moved three points clear of the relegation zone.
Jamie Carragher claimed Newcastle keeper Tim Krul made a mistake.
Krul smiled and exchanged fist pump with Defoe before half-time.
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km) and been through 16 countries.
They have been living on less than three euros each a day, or by their meticulous calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre.
The intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can.
Nick Clegg revealed balance of power lies where many long suspected: with his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez.
Couple invited cameras into kitchen of £1.5m family home in Putney, south west London for ITV's Tonight programme.
Revealed why they decided to remain with their three sons Antonio, Alberto, and Miguel, in the family home instead of making the move to Whitehall.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV.
Holland international has spoken to English-based team-mates while on international duty.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting Lib Dems.
Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down.
He spoke out in support of new Lib Dem candidate in Gordon, Christine Jardine.
Justin Rose is seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at Augusta.
The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under.
Rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to Spieth's coat tails.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old was the underdog for the UIC Pavilion bout with Anthony Dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights.
Groves took to Instagram on Saturday to reveal his winning bet on Jack to to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
Leonardo DiCaprio bought the 104-acre Blackadore Caye island in 2005 for $1.75 million.
He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort.
The ambitious project will include villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt'
Was so depressed over his size he refused to leave his house for a year.
Was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and was a personal trainer.
Now plans to enter body building competitions to showcase his transformation.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed as the 'new face' of the latest ISIS propaganda video.
The blue-eyed, Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'
Kamelh called on foreign medics to travel to the ISIS stronghold in Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The video showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.
A draw at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'
But the 30-year-old admits the paperwork has been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium at this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open.
Veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in last eight.
Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 and Shaun Murphy beat Jamie Jones 5-3.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
The photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where Lib Dems are defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
He stopped off in Hampshire where the Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed.
Senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat, in September 2013.
Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012.
David Billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it and he has to go to hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence and men are'very, very bright or very thick'
Starkey also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Claims fears of Islamophobia are victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged'
Chris Tremlett believes Kevin Pietersen can make an international comeback.
Pietersen was sacked by England and Wales Cricket Board in February 2014.
The 34-year-old is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 after agreeing a new deal with Surrey.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake.
Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, Simnel has been enjoyed since Medieval times during Easter.
Belfast-born baker opts for pistachio-based Marzipan and flavours sponge with orange zest, chopped figs and nutmeg.
Actress Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
Duncan, best known these days as the face of Ajax Spray'n'Wipe, has also revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament.
Gayle will be hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore's first-ever IPL crown.
The 35-year-old posted a picture on Tuesday of himself behind some DJ decks.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round.
Simeone takes Atletico Madrid to rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night.
Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
The full interview is set to air Thursday.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate tensions with Argentina over ownership of the islands.
After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the island.
The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a ‘very live threat’ from Argentina.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated golf sensation Jordan Spieth on Twitter.
Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters.
But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy as the world No 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep the visitors at bay.
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both hailed the Slovenian goalkeeper.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary.
He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport.
The 39-year-old was released from prison last month after breaching bail.
Chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of blondes since his divorce last year.
The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
Sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with the Ukrainian.
But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo, an American divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage to Cheryl.
Study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex.
But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions, like Bridget Jones.
Researchers at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober, tipsy and drunk.
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work, as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers.
The terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province.
It came amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
Militants clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla, a city the militants overran earlier this month.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London.
Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, made the side for the third straight season.
But did the professionals get it right? Not according to the EA Sports’ Performance Index anyway.
Manchester City’s Sergio Aguero, scorer of 21 goals this term, replaces Diego Costa up front.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat.
The wombat was grazing in the Wilsons Promontory National Park in southeast Victoria.
It looks like there's no bad blood between the two native Australian's as they both continued grazing straight after the encounter.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand last month.
The Ben Canaans are now living in Timaru, 320km away from Gloriavale.
They are now able to access personal technology, like mobile phones and have a television which they can watch without restrictions.
Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her Caboolture home on Tuesday morning.
She was reportedly attacked with a machete and taken from her home.
Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
And the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-earth elements came from.
Our current theory of Earth’s formation involves more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club.
The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League.
Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, are on alert.
Oscar has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season.
The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho.
Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to balance the books.
A dog on death row will for the first time have its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012.
The woman suffered a 1.5cm cut on the middle finger of a woman trying to pull the dog away from her daughters.
Izzy was seized by Knox City Council in June 2013.
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire.
As he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, Mr Bell was struck by Toyota.
Mother-of-three Iram Shahzad pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
The Bavarians are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba.
Bayern beat Dortmund in the Bundesliga before edging past Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight.
Claudia Winkleman, 43, is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Sir Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly failed to achieve a nomination.
The mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month's awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto.
MacFarlane shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media.
He said: 'It's not unusual. Raccoons seem to like cranes'
It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade.
The severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
But they did not know exactly where it was going to form.
It covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live.
Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to go to Libya.
His eldest son Amer, 21, has been fighting for the Jabhat al-Nusra group.
He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks.
Mr Deghays' two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces.
Abdullah, 18, was killed last April after suffering a bullet wound to his stomach.
Jaffar, 17, was reported dead six months later after being shot in the head.
The pair are currently in Tripoli, the capital of Libya, after
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days.
She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West.
A typical day's food for Kim could include scrambled eggs, oatmeal or a protein shake for breakfast.
For lunch and dinner, a professional chef will serve her dishes including fish or chicken with vegetables.
Miriam Clegg joined Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green today.
The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining girls and gangs.
Mr Clegg said his wife 'wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
A wily coyote gave the NYPD the runaround for more than an hour on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in Manhattan.
The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging on-scene officers' attempts to catch it
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in January.
It has now been claimed the 73-year-old's family transferred money to his captors.
They are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners.
The money allegedly changed hands after the money changed hands.
Sources in Pakistan say the money was transferred to the captors two years before his death.
President Obama has taken 'full responsibility' for the attack which killed Weinstein.
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe on Tuesday, the two-year anniversary of his death.
They say Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives.
Last week a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line.
The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the striker's new agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000.
They show everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern.
The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s and are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly's email account.
The married mother-of-two is likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information.
Magistrate Jeanne Heal said the case was being referred to the Crown court for sentencing.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year.
He left behind four murals including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe.
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door.
But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
Now demanding the decorated door is returned.
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong had started the game with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to Kris Commons was weighted perfectly.
Stefan Johansen converted from the penalty spot to give Celtic the lead in the 64th minute.
James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teale’s heart with a second half tap-in.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy.
Rhiannon Langley has 189,000 followers on Instagram.
The 24-year-old Melbourne hairdresser has undergone a nose job in Thailand.
She is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers, who can follow along on her social media accounts.
'I've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it,' she said.
Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure.
The Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.
Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside Manny Pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation.
Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather despite the American’s unbeaten record.
The Filipino is in the best shape of his life, moving faster and punching harder than ever before, says Roach.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone.
A child on a bus asked her if she was pregnant.
The embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified.
She shed the pounds and slimmed down to a healthier 12.5st.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place in the Premier League.
Eden Hazard has helped Belgium to the top of the table with 12 goals.
Spain have the likes of Diego Costa and David Silva on target.
Harry Kane has contributed to England's tally of 255 goals this season.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as PM tried to answer question.
Mother stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in armed forces.
She was later removed from the studio and said she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
Prosser has previously retweeted anti-Ukip and Conservative posts on her Twitter feed.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace Jeremy Clarkson.
The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars.
O'Sullivan is looking for his sixth title this year at the Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone will be deported within 28 days.
Ms Sevilla initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
The single-mum has lived in Australia since 2007, when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville.
Her application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected due to Tyrone's autism.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' at London's Olympia.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since.
It comes complete with a Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages, including a tennis court, library and billiard room.
The estate, described as the 'pinnicle of the residential tree', offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admits this slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market.
Rodgers admits he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign.
Arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since Christmas in all competitions.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia tops the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos.
In Madagascar, lemurs are one of the most at risk species, as are shrew tenrecs.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton’s Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history.
In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic's garage for three generations.
A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago.
The love story it tells was unknown until 2000, when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery.
More than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner, together with her secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918.
Brooke’s self-justifications seem both faintly irritated and distinctly patronising.
Keurig Green Mountain's single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based company.
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine.
She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Ms Gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son Tommy.
Jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
ISIS' presence in Yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime.
Palestinian officials and Syrian activists said ISIS have been working with rivals from the Al Qaeda affiliate in Syria, Nusra Front.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
The former Manchester United defender is now at Juventus.
Evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead.
Pulis recalled his own misfortune from leading 2-0 and losing as Gillingham manager in the Second Division play-off final of 1999.
Gerald Whalen visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The sex scene, which featured full nudity and strong sexual content, was screened in front of the appalled couple's 6-year-old twins.
KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market.
He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire, which comes complete with its own swimming pool, snooker room and pub.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool.
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'
He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Woman falsely claimed to be related to victim of Germanwings crash.
Police are investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Airline's parent company organised special flights for victims' families.
All 150 people on board were killed in March 24 crash in French Alps.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, is on the run after allegedly beating his wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a kitchen knife.
Patel was last seen at a hotel near Newark International Airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12.
He reportedly has his India-issued passport with him.
Authorities believe he fled Maryland to New Jersey to escape state charges, but they believe he is still in the United States.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to later track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
The bag contained 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub.
Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal.
The menagerie came to light when customs officials at Domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
The plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway.
The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety.
Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the December 7, 1941, Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen have been chumming the water to lure the animals back to their homes.
They are asking the city to designate the area for swimming only, which would outlaw fishing there.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the Royal baby.
A 500ml tub of Royal Baby Gaga has an RSP of £19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs.
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Neymar's sister Rafaella headed to watch El Clasico of basketball with the Barcelona forward.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division, just by points difference.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Harry Kane is nominated for two awards, the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player of Year.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo Toure turned up together.
Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard was among the first to arrive with his fiancee Christine Bleakley.
David De Gea was joined by Ashley Young and Wayne Rooney as they put their loss behind them to smile for the waiting cameras.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house as part of Sky Living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, The Enfield Haunting.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents, one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position, insisting: 'I didn't touch anything!'
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Researchers at Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop, which will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, is due to open in Mecca.
Owner of existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira, known for sensual oils.
Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh said it would encourage 'improvement of relationship'
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking, and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer, but soon they were spending all their time together.
Hudson would sneak over to the Hudson's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning.
The two would just each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
The Manchester United duo appeared in the 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Rojo and Di Maria sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma.
Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by the two hundred-pound dogs while jogging in July, and was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm)
Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood all ruled out.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young also out for QPR.
QPR without Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract at the Nou Camp this summer.
Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million Kensington townhouse.
She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when the pilot was injured.
But in 1943 he was shot down over Belgium while heading to bomb German factories and buried in the Schoonselhof Cemetery.
Neighbours have branded the property an ‘eyesore’ after objections to knock it down and rebuild it with a two-storey ‘ice
Luis Figo does not believe all African nations will vote for Sepp Blatter.
The FIFA vice-president was in Egypt to canvass for votes.
Figo and Michael van Pragg are opposing Blatter and have chosen to run for presidency.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 seats placed.
A fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
The configuration was rejected by Emirates Airlines but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed the crashes over three years in a bid to create new claimants for his business.
He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
Police uncovered Smith's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims.
More than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another and were mainly said to be friends and relatives of the 12 defendants.
Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in
A cross-dressing man robbed a service station in Taylors Hill, Victoria.
The man was wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat.
He allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash.
A 23-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters structure of brain, scientists say.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche's Burnley side face Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Dyche believes his side are more than capable of avoiding the drop.
The Clarets have won just one of their opening 10 Premier League games.
Click here for more Burnley news.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
Doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
Police say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, he is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
Roy Keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
Keane, 43, is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Ashley Road, Altrincham, on January 30.
He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo.
The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
Morata started just three La Liga games for Real last season.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments.
Michael Pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness.
Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine, more than two tonnes'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner.
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch.
Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere (Robbie McNamara) and Spring Heeled (Nick Scholfield)
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer.
The mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, will get a new name.
Magellan, ‘new flagship’ of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher, 47.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Schler's actual course is unknown, but the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased and her spot in the event has been vacated.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games.
The Argentinian has been welcomed back into the fold on and off the pitch.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
Newcastle face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Dame Sally Davies is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities.
It was eradicated after the Second World War but is returning as more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games.
Professor Davies has ordered the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence to review the cost of providing vitamin supplements to all children under the age of four.
V. Stiviano painted two conflicting portraits of Donald Sterling, saying he was a kind, generous mentor and father figure to her but also a 'bigot' who was mean to others.
L.A. judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V.Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage.
Marc and Shanon Parker have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground on Wednesday morning.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
The £86million signing missed the one-on-one chance at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Broadway Allotment Association's allotments were moved by Oldham council.
The old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for a car park.
But gardeners have complained about their new site, saying it has bad drainage and poor soil.
They are demanding the council pays out compensation for the problems they've experienced.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Jenny stayed in Treviso, just outside Venice, with a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
In entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
Analysis showed spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men's clothing.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday.
Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene.
A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting 92
Arnold Schwarzenegger says Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act is 'distracting and divisive'
The actor and former California governor says Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the GOP and alienate voters.
'As an American, I’m incredibly concerned about what happened in Indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states,' he wrote.
David Cameron issued plea to Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories.
Prime Minister said it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'
Comes as polls have put the Conservatives and Labour virtually neck and neck.
Mr Cameron has previously accused Ukip supporters of being 'fruitcakes'
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI.
The former head of international cycling has sent the CIRC report to Swiss lawyers.
He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold, Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used clean white backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund this summer.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested Thursday in New York for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack.
Siddiqui met Samir Khan, an American citizen, in 2006, and later had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine he was editing.
Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen.
The two have been accused of plotting to attack a military base or police funeral with a homemade bomb.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare regime.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe.
The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals against PSG on Wednesday night.
Former England boss Glenn Hoddle said Luiz showed his naivety even if he wasn't fully fit.
The Sky Sports pundit described Luiz as a 'liability at the back'
Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry questioned the Brazilian's fitness.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest cruise ship, the Anthem of the Seas, has just arrived in Southampton, UK.
The ship's naming ceremony will take place on April 20 at the 101 at Southampton Docks, which is its home port.
It has 18 restaurants, including Jamie's Italian, a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine.
Royal Caribbean hopes that the ship will also deliver around £50 million to the Southampton economy over the summer season.
Madonna kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with him.
Sources say it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit.
The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April.
Scientists have uncovered the mystery of Mercury's'stealth' colour scheme.
They say a steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted Mercury black over billions of years.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.
In landmark ruling, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
New England Patriots will host the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night.
Week one features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
Seattle Seahawks will visit the Green Bay Packers in week two.
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running budget deficit.
State will continue to spend more on welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament.
Projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit.
Floyd Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
Mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call.
He has been slammed for pronouncing himself superior to Ali so he said: 'I respect all the great champions of the past. But I've done just as much as Ali did'
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare at the Somme.
The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Photographer Jeff Gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names: 731 Australians, 339 British, 55 Americans, a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others.
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The singer's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette.
A massive fire consumed a building that was once home to a Michigan strip club on Wednesday afternoon.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
Only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected.
Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
The playground has now been fenced off with an orange barricade.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders the lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner.
Cantu and his wife Katie McGowan met while he was working at Chicago restaurant Charlie Trotter's.
Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year.
Last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat.
Extra Storage Space video has been viewed almost 600,000 times.
It features new parents sharing their tips on how to cope with a new baby.
Tips include making room for date nights and getting on a schedule.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012.
The incident occurred about 3.30pm Monday at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution in Florida.
Forsyth was rushed to hospital in critical condition but died several hours later.
Because the Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the incident, few details have been released.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged.
The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C)stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Sidonie, a well known Spanish band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
The group, who posted the performance video to Facebook and Youtube, explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants.
Ryanair, however, wasn't as impressed with the band's performance.
The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station.
No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute.
Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse have raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
But Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night.
Malcolm Brabant had yellow fever vaccine in April 2011.
Within 24 hours he was reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck.
He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions.
Malcolm believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
More than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker's treble was his first in two years.
Villa are three points above the Premier League relegation zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday.
She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
BBC claimed plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence'
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Clarkson and his colleagues fled South American country last year.
Celtic face Inverness in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club this summer.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved bear Tikko out on the global adventure in January 2013.
He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure.
Now, the bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his vital message, while inviting the world to join in with his journey.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96.
Townsend carried out the attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business.
Retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter’s address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage.
He supported himself with his Zimmer frame as he admitted the single charge at Basild
A Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories, and 'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Martinez's son - Winkler's stepson - started dating the toddler when she was six-months pregnant with Adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler.
A little over a month later, Adrian was dead.
Now Winkler and Martinez are working together to bring justice for the boy they considered family.
Scottish Championship strugglers Livingston drew 1-1 with Rangers last week.
Stuart McCall's side are four points behind Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this’
Comes after hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the Tories’ economic record.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women.
A woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too 'afraid' to say anything.
Hansen's lawyer said the woman had not objected to Hansen extracting her teeth with pliers.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP)
DNP is a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
It is illegal to sell for human consumption, but sellers get around this by claiming to sell it as a pesticide or dye, which is not illegal, or with disclaimers.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the summit of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
In a letter to Fulham residents, the schedule for the planned celebrations are laid out.
A weakening U.S. economy spilled into the job market in March as employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since December 2013 – snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
An unseasonably cold March followed a brutal winter that slowed key sectors of the economy.
13 Democratic and Republican U.S. senators urge FIFA to think again.
They say Russia should be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup.
The letter was dated Tuesday and released on Wednesday.
England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score since January 31 against Leicester.
The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League.
Falcao's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for Manchester United.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL.
She has refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times.
A lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
The animal is seen trying to retrieve a piece of meat from the barrel.
Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
Saints defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
Clyne insists he wants to play Champions League football.
The 24-year-old has been spotted at a WWE event in London on Monday.
Solomon Bygraves robbed Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats.
The 29-year-old offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but snatched his wallet and knocked him to the ground.
Mr Evans, 93, said he wanted his attacker locked up for a 'long time'
Bygraves, who is homeless, has 21 convictions for 49 offences.
He was sentenced to 30 months in prison at Southwark Crown Court today.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends at her home on Wednesday.
While the youngsters continued playing, she allegedly went into a bathroom and had sex with an 18-year-old man.
She also allegedly showed her daughter explicit photos, including of her having sex with her current boyfriend.
The property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park.
It was one of five properties the successful property developer bought during the couple's 14-year marriage.
The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
Despite her husband's attempts to evict her from the home, and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property, the wife has now
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table.
The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council.
It was made because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity'
The 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has become a part of the couple's family.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats.
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market.
No women appear in any of the photos.
The extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case, raising concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday.
The 27-year-old has not been suspended by Sunderland despite the charges.
However, Dick Advocaat has confirmed Johnson remains available for selection.
For the time being, the Black Cats' position remains unchanged, and that means Johnson can play on as Sunderland battle relegation.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
The Championships opening day has been postponed after wild weather left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on.
Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track.
Officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and will be moved to Wednesday.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for Edinson Cavani.
But PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker.
Cavani scored twice in Saturday's League Cup final win against Bastia.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her teeth bore the remains of plant pollen, fungi and animals.
They were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
This has since faded and a tombstone was found nearby.
The study provides the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans.
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal, India.
It has been untouched by modern civilisation for 60,000 years.
The Sentinelese tribe have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world.
They have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters.
After the 2004 tsunami one member was photographed attempting to fire an arrow at an Indian Coast Guard helicopter.
Melbourne sisters Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'
The sisters are releasing a book titled #howtolive.
The girls are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank.
It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port.
One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
But the 39-year-old admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China.
Despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis, the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day.
Guiyi became the eyes for both of them when Huang was infected with a degenerative eye disease and lost his eyesight in 1985.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends.
The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days'
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 final at Old Trafford.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's match-fixing scandal.
But they are now back among the elite of Europe and have a point to prove.
They face Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona in the last four.
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison.
He allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter.
When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter.
Police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights.
Keane did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court today.
Mark Sanders is a doctor and lawyer in Fort Worth Texas.
But after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the University of Texas at Austin and pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity.
Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge.
Sanders was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is undroppable.
Sjaak Rijke freed after French special forces raid in far north of Mali.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no word on fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from Timbuktu.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner, which led to Calvin's arrest.
She was booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
David Zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN.
A large portion of that money comes from stocks, with $144million in awards for his six-year contract.
The amount is far, far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year, Sumner Redstone and Les Moonves.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday.
The Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly.
San Antonio's Jeff Green scored 22 points and Marc Gasol added 19 to lead six Grizzlies players in double figures.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants.
University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels.
Deputy Prime Minister vows to cling on even if party is wiped out at polls.
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
But he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
David Luiz tore a hamstring in Paris Saint-Germain's 3-2 win at Marseille.
The 27-year-old will be out for at least four weeks with the injury.
Luiz posted a picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday.
More than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
In comparison, 43 per cent said they wished they had more friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, from Norfolk, said Facebook made her feel lonely.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
Remains were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
This has since faded and an engraved tombstone was found nearby.
It is not known why the Red Lady was painted in this way, and the researchers are unsure whether her body or clothes were covered in the pigment.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5million bid for Dortmund captain Mats Hummels.
German paper Bild have reported the bid has been placed but Sportsmail understands the offer hasn't gone in yet.
Hummels is under contract with Dortmund until 2017 but earlier in the season admitted he would like to play abroad at some point in his career.
The two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey.
The poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
There has been a 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years.
This compares to a 4 per cent increase in women choosing part time work over the same period.
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
His Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of 'bud for cash' and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last November when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department.
'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene.
Clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
Attack took place at Joan Fuster Institue in Barcelona at 9.15am this morning.
The 13-year-old boy is said to have killed a male teacher and injured four others.
Witnesses said he had told classmates he was going to kill all the teachers.
But none took him seriously and wrote it off as a bad joke.
He is undergoing a psychiatric examination and will not face criminal charges.
Ander Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon.
Herrera has scored seven goals without having to look at the ball.
Six of his seven goals have been scored without him even having to make eye contact with the ball or the opposition's net.
The 25-year-old joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot'
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops what it's doing if it touches an operator.
This removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation.
Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan but charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.
Dr Errol Cornish, 67, also accused of corporate manslaughter.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
Ed Miliband was criticised for robotic performance in last week's debate.
Now it has emerged he was reading from motivational notes during the leaders' clash.
His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
The Labour leader urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’
Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools.
She claims the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them.
Suit also claims chlorine used in tanks is'many times stronger than household bleach'
This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than a month.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, assigned her third-grade class to write 'get well' letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
The letters were delivered to the convicted cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison.
Abu-Jama is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system.
Last Friday, 26-year-old Lance Futch drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs.
Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker.
'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning volley in the 56th minute.
The result puts Watford top of the Championship with just two games of the season remaining.
Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday.
Chris Maguire's stoppage-time penalty denied the Cherries.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
They spend very little time on the water’s surface, so little is known about them.
Scientists have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it is unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing.
But it could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray's beaked whale, according to the study, published in the Journal of Marine Mammal Science.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
Scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her looks against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
But the mother-of-two said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
In December 2014 she revealed that she was told to tone down her look.
Anais Zanotti, 30, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her.
Now she teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane, thousands of feet in the air.
She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other amateur junkies.
Andrew Odell bought loaf of bread from Aldi in Milton Keynes.
He said it was the first and last time he would shop at the supermarket.
When Aldi replied he said his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch.
Mr Odell later complained: 'I don't think @AldiUK are taking this case seriously'
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sunspots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet.
Jean-Marie Le Pen defended his comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history' last week.
Ms Le Pen has blocked her father's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the.
political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal has put the 22-year-old on his list of targets.
Ings is out of contract at Burnley in the summer.
United are also interested in signing Memphis Depay, Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Pastore scored a brace in PSG’s 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed when she was hit by a bus in Swansea.
She was on a shopping trip with her daughter Olivia, eight, when the collision happened.
Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision.
Hundreds of police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at her funeral today.
Her husband Gavin, 36, walked into the church hand-in-hand with Olivia and their seven-year-old son Lloyd.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been involved in making sex tapes, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard.
Australian home cook, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
Her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
Scientists believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'
This allows a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
The theory was developed by researchers at University College London, Oxford and the University of North Carolina.
It is based on a single patient case study.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
But when the piercing became inflamed, she was forced to remove the bar.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard left Ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
McLaren have struggled for pace and reliability during the first two Grand Prix of the season.
Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
Comes after head of Ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson will go out in penultimate group on Friday.
World No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71.
McIlroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday.
She said, 'He was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
Ripa was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans.
Comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
The FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Lydia is a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her outfits with her fans.
Ali is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition – a range of sports nutrition products.
Carlo Ancelotti says he will remain in charge of Real Madrid next season.
The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Marca bills Saturday's La Liga matches as 'High Risk', while SPORT lead on the role of the Camp Nou crowd.
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri has warned his players not to gamble with their season.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes.
The 28-year-old said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships.
He says they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team and complained a coach had been raping them.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2012.
Skateistan is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
40 per cent of the girls are female; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during Tuesday's nights severe Sydney storm.
Whitehead was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the blaze which started on July 13, 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal.
The Atletico Madrid striker had zero shots on or off target.
He completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked pace.
Atletico have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico in 1999.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and contact details.
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
The account was started by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound.
It relies on submissions via direct messages, and has 148,000 followers.
Britons apparently spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
Almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same thing online.
Men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety, as opposed to women’s £53.50.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
He went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies.
Now the town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night.
The 19-year-old saw his boyhood club lose twice at Wembley in 2010.
Villa lost to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup final four.
Grealish is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, had been diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia months before his death.
He was diagnosed only a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness.
Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday.
He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww'
The woman was removed from the flight following the incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s.
Professional golfer Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines.
He was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week.
But his golf clubs did not arrive and he was quickly returned.
Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have also complained.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and staff lunch room.
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday.
Special guests have been invited to speak at the company's presentations called 'Moose Talks' in a bid to inspire, provide professional and personal development.
The Whole Damn Farm burger is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
The burger contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue, adding they are exploring a number of options.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin, Northern Territory.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter, similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012.
Harry will hang up his fatigues and, after attending official functions in Perth and Sydney, is expected to return to Britain.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon itself is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
Lancashire-based BAE Systems paid
The 29-year-old American tourist drove the wrong way down a busy road.
She then crashed into 13 vehicles, injuring two people.
Officers broke the front passenger window to arrest her when she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a United supporter.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Kendra Spears, 26, married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 after a four month engagement.
The baby boy, named Irfan, was born in Geneva last Saturday.
He follows in the footsteps of Rita Hayworth and Queen Noor.
Nico Rosberg was only four-hundredths of a second behind Lewis Hamilton.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make — and a new pop-up shop in Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap in order to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors.
The Pittsburgh-based shop, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap, meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full.
'It’s incredible how deeply unconscious biases still permeate the ways in which we perceive (and value) women versus men,'
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint.
The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother in 1892.
She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Raikkonen was reeling in team-mate Sebastian Vettel and may well have claimed third but for a late safety car.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Open final.
The Serbian became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events.
Djokovic was on court for almost three hours as he overcame the Czech.
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 (animated) as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself.
Currently, the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way, diagonally and sideways.
The car's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself, 'even within narrow and congested roads'
It is designed to link with others to from a kind a connected convoy
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season.
Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk will be released by the Russian club.
Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
On Saturday, Rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface.
During this close flyby, the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail.
The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi, the comet’s ‘neck’ region that is littered with boulders.
Colombian forward Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday.
Glenn Murray scored the only goal of the game.
Yaya Toure and Eliaquim Mangala were also on the bench.
Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage, addressing a nationwide audience of Britons.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple.
After the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
He's also funded by his church, where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu funds his costume and bike.
A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria, Virginia.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
University is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped.
He soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'We're going to die', during the call and told her to'stay low' and reminded her to breathe.
Prince George’s County firefighters were able to enter the room by going through the home and breaking a window.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers.
The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
He has signed a two-year deal with the South Australian franchise in a move that had been widely anticipated.
Labour leader's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said move would take Britain back to 'dark days of the Seventies'
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer.
Cyclist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
The site was devastated by a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986.
Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
She says the most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking
Dozens of people visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month.
They came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms.
Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected.
Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015.
Captain Rahmani and her family have received death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the opening goal for the Blues.
John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao.
The challenge sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground.
Sky pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed that play should have been stopped.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He had been missing for four days and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus.
Police and volunteers had searched for Sullivan, but could not find him.
Sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round in 2006.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in the incident.
The incident occurred after Smith blocked John Arne Riise's free-kick.
Smith has denied claims that Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon.
Mesut Ozil has scored seven goals in his last eight league games.
The German set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history.
Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford has been fighting Worcestershire County Council for two years.
The 75-year-old theatre director has invested £40,000 in renovations.
She has been told the house was not her home at the time when her mother went into care because she rents a flat in London.
Now the council has won the right to force her to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury.
The Bayern Munich winger admits he 'can't even run'
Ribery is hopeful he could be fit for the German Cup quarter-finals.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd.
But not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face.
Hernandez, 25, is charged with killing Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister.
Lloyd was found shot dead in June 2013 in an industrial park near Hernandez's home in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
The news has stunned the community of Coeur d'Alene
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
Jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them.
More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
The Vincenti sisters were taken from their mother's home in Australia in late 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father Tomaso was an abuser.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad.
Emily and Claire Vincenti are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father.
The girls were taken by their mother from Italy without the knowledge or permission of that father, Tomaso Vincenti.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
Real are also interested in Chelsea's Petr Cech, who looks set to leave.
Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
James Rodriguez will start for Real Madrid on Sunday, his first game for 59 days.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison.
She admitted killing six of her children, then stashing their bodies in her garage.
Huntsman told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Her estranged husband Darren West, who previously served time in prison, is not considered a suspect in their deaths.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
'I'd rest 10 seconds, then take four to six steps,' Melamed said.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt.
The Perth couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family thanks to a crowdsourced egg donor.
Shannon Mann, 22, conceived her son while on contraception but said she wouldn't change it for the world.
Before they can go ahead the trio need to undergo a number of counselling sessions with their Clinical Psychologist and a counsellor for Egg Donor cases.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes.
The 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons.
Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for Rhodes.
Steve Bruce says players will have their salaries slashed if they are relegated.
Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the Premier League.
The Tigers travel to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton believes Mayweather will 'find a way to win'
Hatton says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives PacMan a huge advantage.
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and died seven days later.
Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said Monday that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
During the three years she was with Castro, he kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home.
Roldan describes Castro as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher.
Court documents detail how at times, the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with Altice.
On her part, the 35-year-old Altice confided in her teenage admirers
Julie McKenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
But the 53-year-old felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active.
She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer spotted that Julie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged and contained a tumour.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets, and ice cream sandwiches.
The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe'
The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Blue Bell's ice cream was linked to ten listeria illnesses in four states, including three deaths.
Celtic face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Ronny Deila's side could win Scottish Premiership title if both teams win all their games beforehand.
The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Figures show almost one in four of the population is obese.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and eight-year-old son Grayden.
He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues.
At this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England this week.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend.
His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; testing the level of lactate, a chemical produced when cells are starved of oxygen; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
The College is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt on Saturday night.
Cole wrote: 'Great company great team mates. #MUFC'
Giggs appeared to be in buoyant mood as he posed for a picture shortly after witnessing his side fall to a frustrating loss at the hands of the Barclays Premier League leaders.
Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to put the Blues 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14.
The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici.
The Arsenal goalkeeper let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 to reach their second consecutive FA Cup final.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral hit out at falling standards.
Insurance giant said many youngsters lost out at the beginning of looking for work.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival, Theo Blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.
The angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has ‘dragonfly’ swing doors that open upwards and ‘crystal laser headlights’
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round.
And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned the Red Devils to their third successive Premier League loss.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match.
Neville believes it was the Old Trafford outfit's worst performance in five or six weeks.
Christopher Furniss-Roe from Pontypool, South Wales, hanged himself.
The eight-year-old was sent to bed early for breaking his younger sister's bucket.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Coroner David Bowen recorded a verdict of accidental death.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row.
Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa,.
is roughly 3.7 million years old.
It lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
The Sacramento Kings are set to sign Sim Bhullar to a 10-day contract.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Bhullar is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
Daniel Sturridge has played just 12 league games for Liverpool this season.
Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play every week'
Sturridge has been plagued by a hip problem and has missed five months.
The Liverpool boss is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings.
Mats Hummels has two years left on his Borussia Dortmund contract.
The Germany international has been on Manchester United's list of targets.
Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday.
Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground.
Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
Belgium international revealed he encountered racism as a youngster.
Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
But ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
The 'crystal clear' footage was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker.
The worker reportedly contacted 101 on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.
But police raced to obtain the CCTV once the report was made, despite claims it is the best footage yet.
Comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday - four days before the raid was discovered.
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to clinch title.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United likely to join Chelsea.
Burnley and QPR are losing pace down at the bottom in scrap against relegation.
Bristol City crowned League One champions after goalless draw against Coventry.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition, with Easter just around the corner.
Prime Minister's wife was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke.
Mrs Cameron visited Growing Zone project for adults and children with special needs.
She was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand, which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
QPR's Bobby Zamora scored his side's third goal against West Brom.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning overhead kick against Aston Villa.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe.
Gabriel has 129,000 Instagram followers and the Hippie Lane app consistently sits in the top three of'most popular food and drink' apps on iTunes since its release in January.
While the chocolates are all classified as raw, vegan, refined sugar-free and dairy-free, Gabriel assured DMA that people are sold by her recipes.
Xana Doyle was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning in January.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Miss Doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at the scene in Newport, South Wales.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding they like one.
Men are happy only on their fourth try, survey found.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October.
His European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn, according to the Crown Prosecution Service.
Two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.
Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there.
In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Poppy Smart was whistled at by builders on her walk to work in Worcester.
The 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator complained to police on the same day.
She compared the whistling to racial discrimination and said it made walking through town an 'awful experience'
West Mercia police confirmed they had followed up Miss Smart's complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events in Arizona this week.
The 29-year-old has served a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction.
Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, and 22 silver medals.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph set up Christian Benteke's equaliser in the 36th minute.
Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final next month.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by sister.
Gillian Owens claims she used to cut the heads off her sister's dolls.
The 44-year-old has denied the claims, saying: 'I'm not proud of it... but I've changed'
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker rejected a move to Barcelona's academy when he was 12.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death.
He is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler.
The 34-year-old also has a history of DUIs in Louisiana.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with golf superstar Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 30-year-old has been dating Woods since 2013 and has become close with his children.
Vonn has credited Woods with helping her overcome a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics in Russia.
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people.
This left older workers vulnerable when companies start'shedding' jobs.
A third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification.
The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out.
The 55-year-old smiled broadly as he chatted to employees at AkzoNobel.
He was at the factory as part of his work with the Outward Bound Trust.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail.
He asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial, court heard.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals to secure victory.
Nigel Pearson's side are now just three points behind Hull City.
The Foxes have a game in hand over their survival rivals.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Club chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina to rubber-stamp the deal.
Romero's agents and his club Velez both own stakes in the teenager.
The deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero's ownership rights.
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Geologists and media have flocked to the mountain since it appeared a few weeks ago.
The heat blasting from the 'ring of fire' has been measured at 792C.
It is so intense that experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia Grace.
The 33-year-old hit the exercise bike every morning before her daughter even woke up.
Zara, who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics, welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
She admitted disposing of boyfriend Justin Robertson's shoes.
He had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover.
Doyle was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but released immediately.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast.
Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes.
She would then spike them and wait for them to fall unconscious before ransacking their home.
Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, harassed them.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up.
He took the matter to council planners and was caught on camera.
But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed, although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him.
Cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London.
Experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
About 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in sediment of historic tributary in 2013 but new evidence suggests otherwise.
The estimated age of the human remains and the way they appear to have been disposed of has led to the suggestion that the bones could even be Boudicca's rebels.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of Europa League quarter-final tie.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
In Ukraine, Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
Russell shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
They explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms, such as why many Canadian airport codes begin with the letter Y.
Omega Airport in Namibia has the somewhat hilarious code of OMG, often used as shorthand for 'oh my God'
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents.
In recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially, with Kiev-based tour company, SoloEast, estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year.
Visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone.
However, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for Bayern Munich in the 38th minute.
Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0.
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight.
Built between 1867 and 1880, No Man's Fort was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
Three of the fighters were grappling, while a fourth came in and slapped them.
PM visited Pirate FM in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans for southwest.
He was presented with Cornish t-shirts emblazoned with 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine, let slip very discreetly in an interview with Elle.
She revealed that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends' – meaning Kendall – in their ‘sister’s apartment’
Hailey is the face of Topshop Denim, as the brand's creative director says the model has 'a twinkle in her eye'
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham, Washington in 1995.
He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected his constitutional rights.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row after being sent there in 1996.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was struck and killed by freight train near Coachella.
Student was attending festival in Indio, four miles north-east of festival's site.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
On Monday, Mac DeMarco, a performer at festival, paid tribute to Andersen.
Jack Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of the season with ankle surgery.
The Arsenal midfielder posted a photo of his shopping trolley on Instagram.
Wilshere was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 followers.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000, which he paid immediately.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through Belgrave Square, near his west London home.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home having suffered a 'traumatic injury to the rectal area'
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him.
The rescuers, who also have not been identified, sprang into action after seeing the man's wheelchair unexpected roll over the lip of the platform on Tuesday afternoon.
There were reportedly no trains due for several minutes after the man fell.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island.
The volcanic stack is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
Mummies were found in the crypt of the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary.
They were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis.
Scientists found 14 strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies.
All of the strains belonged to a lineage of Tuberculosis bacteria known as Lineage 4.
The bacteria causes more than a million TB cases a year in Europe and America.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage in New Orleans.
They were found by David's wife, Elizabeth, who had been in a bedroom.
Police have arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and Dexter Allen, 17.
Initial reports suggest it could have been a botched armed burglary.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the secluded capital.
The super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in Sunday's derby.
Sergio Aguero scored his 19th Premier League goal of the season.
The Argentine has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for City.
Manuel Pellegrini's future is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign.
Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England.
The Lancastrian has never forgotten being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career.
Anderson makes his landmark appearance in Antigua on Monday needing just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Addison Russell was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
The 21-year-old accidentally let his bat slip out of his fingers.
It ended up striking a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' circle.
Russell, who was ranked the No. 5 prospect in baseball earlier this month, said the bat 'just slipped'
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas equalised for Rangers with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, would make the trek today on its behalf.
On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of fuel.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson.
The baby was found unresponsive at home last Thursday while the mother was out clubbing with her sister.
Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head.
She later admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and 3 months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013, an inquiry by the National Crime Agency (NCA) concluded.
The police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence, and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers.
Review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report, which exposed widespread failures of the council, police and social services in tackling child sex exploitation.
Ali Williams crossed for a late try for Toulon in their Champions Cup quarter-final clash.
Wasps lost Nathan Hughes to a contentious ban and Christian Wade to an untimely injury.
Toulon playmaker Frederic Michalak pulled the strings for the defending European champions.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on A34 in Walsall.
Father-of-one arranged for her to be driven past the billboard by her boss.
The billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and also featured pictures of the couple.
But the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the poster.
She was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard and got down on one knee.
'It was the best day of my life and I am glad he did a grand gesture'
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
He films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
Liam then unleashes an explicit tirade on his friend as he cradles the burn.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini followed David Moyes to Old Trafford in the summer of 2013.
The midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks.
He raps: 'In France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting. We want your blood'
This follows reports that British police have raised security levels.
Anzac Day, which takes place on April 25, honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm when their tires got stuck in the sand.
Reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked, but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car.
The family was able to get out of the car, but the grandmother and child were trapped in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut.
Seconds after police officer Kyle Watson saved the family, a wave hit the car and flipped
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the fight will go on sale at 8pm on Thursday.
The fight was always going to take place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane with Aston Villa on Saturday.
Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 to increase their chances of Premier League survival.
Christian Benteke scored the winner in the 35th minute.
Sherwood and assistant Tony Parks were lively throughout the game.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring during PSG's win over Marseille.
Brazilian defender will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years.
He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt'
He pushed use of almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists.
The Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale, west London, was demolished without warning.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord returned two days later to find it was no longer standing.
She said: 'It is heart breaking. There was no warning'
Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers.
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death, calling Sarah Brady a 'guiding light'
Mrs Brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded hand gun that had been left in a car.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Sarah confirmed to E! that baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
The England striker has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season.
Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back In Time For Dinner.
The family have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the millennium.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Arsenal have opted against an extended pre-season trip.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad after the current campaign finishes.
Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter tour of the US.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by pet dog.
Family's dog crossed with Siberian Huskey at their home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire.
They wrestled animal free but toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to face and skull.
Dog was taken to nearby vet and family gave permission for pet to be destroyed.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the deck after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge.
She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
By Friday, temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***'
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
Kemp and former NRL player Mark Geyer will appear on Insight on SBS One on Tuesday from 8.30pm.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from an inner-city Sydney penthouse.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl.
Some of the works include Rita of the Seventies and Gloria by Norman Lindsay, Tree of Life by John Coburn, Adieu Australia by Garry Shead, Victoria and Moonlight by Charles Blackman among others.
Police search also discovered a Black Range Rover that was reported stolen in 2011 from South Wentworthville, a blue
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's press conference.
Wenger is informed that the story was an April Fool's joke and no basis of truth to it.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has covered every inch of his body in tattoos.
He says he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business.
Mr Body Art says employers should take him seriously and look beyond his personal appearance to what's inside.
The Dalny Vostok sank in the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.
63 crew members of the ship were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit)
More than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety.
Unidentified man seen driving alongside pedestrian pavement with minibus strapped to back.
The minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in China due to its resemblance to a load of bread, is estimated to weight around one ton.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions.
Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days.
The SES responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
Residents in Victoria and Queensland are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehslet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
No trace of the duo has been found.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison.
Santana strangled and strangled his roommate Shelby Fazio, 23, in October last year.
He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did'
The jury deliberated for just two hours on Thursday, and the victim's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
'You will not be remembered. Oh but Shelby will,'
Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
The Tottenham manager says Kane will be there to help him when things don't go to plan.
Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
England boss Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for Under 21s.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old came through the first half of 2-0 defeat to Derby.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document is believed to be the only Turing manuscript in existence.
It was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School in Buckinghamshire.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking HQ in 1942.
They paved the way for computer science and helped break Enigma codes.
The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend Robin Gandy.
Bonhams in New York said the seller wished to remain anonymous.
Part of proceeds will be donated to charity.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30am.
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him appearing to
New satellite images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea.
The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the disputed territory.
Images reveal Fiery Cross Reef virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014.
But by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations.
They follow equally disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificially-built island.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find the house looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
The explosion originated in the kitchen, prompting the emergency services to believe it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank.
The video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover.
Mr Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia.
The majestic stingray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body as he glided on top.
Mick Schumacher will compete in the Formula 4 category this weekend.
He will follow in the footsteps of his father, Michael, who won 91 races.
Schumacher Jnr will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow.
The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Saturday.
Midfielder Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons.
The 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house, each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs.
At least 16 of his children have been taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
The oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General.
Fabricio Coloccini has been skipper of Newcastle since 2011.
But John Carver is set to strip him of the captaincy this summer.
Carver will give the armband to Daryl Janmaat should he remain at the club.
The Magpies have been let down by those appointed to lead the team.
Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month’s 3-0 defeat at Everton.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Karl Lagerfeld.
She has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram.
Lagerfeld admits to being in love with his feline muse.
Bath Abbey could have the world's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains.
The idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring.
Architects plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes.
Church leaders believe the plans would provide a unique source of green
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun in Birmingham.
But CCTV showed that nobody had approached him and he was sectioned.
Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself and repeatedly punched.
Mr Burrell died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
The former World No 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team for the World Group playoff encounter against Poland.
Hingis has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada.
She switched on an electric organ with her nose and sat down to play some tunes.
Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece.
After a brief moment of musical frustration, she puts one paw to her head.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for Autograph.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, models new summer sleepwear collection.
Rosie is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield.
In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character.
So instead, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared.
Officials say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao came on for Juan Mata in the 81st minute.
Ashley Young and Marouane Fellaini have been key players for United.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
The identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury.
The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer.
Tuilagi's last appearance in an England shirt was during the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
The six-year-old has already endured 20 blood transfusions, and will likely undergo more in the future.
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez doubled the lead in the 31st minute.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Real Madrid have now scored 16 goals from direct set-pieces this season.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton.
The England right-back is in the final year of his current deal.
Saints executive director Les Reed knows there will be a clamour for Clyne's signature.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Norfolk in 2005.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping onto their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
Mr Cook returned to complain that Ruby had killed 120 of his birds and if he saw her on his land again, he would shoot her.
Mark Lippert, 42, was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong.
He required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital.
Lippert has posted several photos on Facebook of him using the device.
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen this season.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo from his time at Chelsea.
Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
Scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster.
An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, Kathmandu.
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, pollen is used to fertilise the seed.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March.
The 20-year-old scored three goals in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea.
He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night.
Her sandals remained in the footwell of her car, while the exterior was stained with blood.
Friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan - a country with a nascent democracy where the military and intelligence services still hold tremendous sway.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season.
The left back has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Bamford is hoping to help Aitor Karanka's side get promoted to the Premier League.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California.
Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips.
The 28-year-old's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments still manage to get under her skin.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of ever finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring', for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance, set to open in January 2016.
The venue is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
It is a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction.
Fans will be able to sing and dance to the Swedish sensations' 1970s tunes.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
This is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.
Since Hart is a Gillette ambassador, the prize winner will also receive a brand new Fusion ProGlide razors with Flexball technology worth £12.
The competition closes on Sunday April 19.
David Cameron will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money because they ‘know best’ how it should be spent.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot Government schemes’
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his Sunderland players.
The Black Cats have won just one in nine and are three points above the drop zone.
Advocaat watched Sunderland slump to a 4-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Next up is a trip to Stoke City and the Dutch boss fears his team lacks the muscle for such a test.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
Fortunately there was a nurse who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, who lost his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site on Tuesday morning.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis', says Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss.
He made the announcement after meeting with Malaysian transport minister Liow Tiong Lai and Chinese transport minister Yang Chuantang.
Mr Truss added that all those involved in the search were determined to do everything possible 'to give answers to the families of the loves ones'
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 win over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match.
Saints star was speaking in an interview with Sportsmail's Dominic King.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald ordered to pay back £20m.
They were told to do so 11 months ago after Icebreaker scheme was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up cash.
The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State.
Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
In his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post'
Hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online.
James Gregoire, 54, was killed in 'altercation' in Clacton, Essex.
Suspect arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am this morning.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the 54-year-old victim.
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic officers conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in January.
She was released from hospital last month after spending six weeks at a rehabilitation clinic in Somerset West, just outside of Cape Town.
The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and brother Rudi, 22.
Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of South Africa.
An audio recording of the
TV presenter said her sister Debbie had contacted family to say she was safe.
Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp because she was ill.
Holden said there was a possibility that her sister had been airlifted from mountain.
She said she had sent an e-mail saying she had made it safely to another camp.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale.
Relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning, use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be renamed 'flexible hours'
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna said it showed the minister was 'out of touch'
Michael Phelps made a winning return to competitive racing.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory.
Phelps was suspended by USA Swimming following his drink driving conviction last September.
He will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta.
There are so many to choose from, but there are not so many.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but he will be hoping to mount a serious challenge.
Paul Casey is the most likely to join Rory McIlroy and get into contention come Sunday afternoon.
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials.
Robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
Tottenham are pressing ahead with talks over a bumper new contact for Nabil Bentaleb.
The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want the contract concluded sooner rather than later.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display against St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI.
Trott was the only casualty of the day for England and he had to be almost dragged from the crease when he was eventually caught at short leg.
England plan to use Stokes as their all-rounder in this series.
Woman was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block.
Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm.
He held on to her arm as she appeared to be pushing herself away.
She was eventually bundled back through the window and taken to hospital.
Hartlepool United fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for their League Two fixture against Carlisle United on Saturday 2 May.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up'
Carlisle boss Keith Curle said he has been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
According to federal officials involved in the probe, the hackers wormed their way into the White House system by breaching first the State Department's network.
To accomplish this task, the cyber-bandits allegedly working for the Kremlin commandeered a State Department email account and sent a phishing email to someone at White House designed to trick the recipient into downloading malicious software.
The White House responded to CNN’s revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
Until his indictment Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to Schock.
The 33-year-old resigned from the House last month amid an expenses scandal.
Schock attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle, including many selfies with celebrities such as Ariana Grande.
Earlier this year it was discovered that his office had received a $40,000 renovation funded by the taxpayer to make it look like the Edwardian Era homes on Downton Abbey.
Video shows masked fighters carrying AK-47s, machine guns and grenade launcher.
They announce that they will 'cut the throats' of Shi'ite Houthis, and 'take back land they have occupied'
ISIS-related group began to emerge late last year and it is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
Yemen is currently on the brink of outright civil war, with several sides battling each other since the conflict began last year.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes following years of insufficient dredging.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest January since records began in 1766.
At-home DNA saliva test costs $249 (£167)
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRC2, along with 17 other markers.
All of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
The company behind the test, Color Genomics, was founded by Elad Gil.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff in the Carling Cup three years ago.
Steven Gerrard's birthday falls on May 30, the same day as the final at Wembley.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The seven kilogram cancerous tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach.
Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour.
A day before her last chemotherapy treatment, her mother gave birth to her second child, Skylah.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold.
Louisa Steckenreuter was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma last year.
The 35-year-old mother-of-two is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family.
She has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell.
Her oncologist, Professor David Thomas, said he believes the treatment might work for her, and others in a similar situation.
Just before speaking to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday, an anonymous donor had pledged $10,000 to Ms Steck
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Kenya has struggled to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with Somalia.
Al Qaeda-aligned group killed 148 people on Thursday when they stormed the Garissa University College campus, some 200km (120 miles) from the Somali border.
Dark.Cyanide, 18, scales some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges.
Many of the teenager's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers.
The teen describes himself as an 'urban historian' and specialises in shots of abandoned buildings and underground tunnels dotted around the city.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police.
She said: 'I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?'''
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Former Prime Minister said he is 'absolutely not' in the league of the super-rich.
Blair, who entered the election fray for Labour this week, spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine.
Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking.
He and his family are thought to own property worth at least £30million.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you'
Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He claimed the new Star Wars films were anti-women and anti-gay.
But despite being a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on.
Mr Elfwick also tweeted: 'The fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70's'
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida, for the last 18 months.
The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church and receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of Florida for voluntary prekindergarten during the school year.
They were both terminated after the director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two.
Bardier added that she was given the option to 'change her lifestyle' to keep her position.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
Condition was caused by Bob's belief that he was born into the wrong body.
Long-term condition made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with son William.
In October 2013, Roxy finally revealed the truth to 44-year-old Jo, her wife of 20 years.
Roxy began to struggle with depression shortly after marrying Jo in 1994.
She had become a full-time carer for the couple's son but they never really bonded.
Yazidi children as young as eight abducted from their homes in northern Iraq.
They were forced to marry and convert to Islam and raped repeatedly.
Women and girls were picked from a lottery to be raped by ISIS fighters.
The brutal Islamist organisation is taking over swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq.
Vandal smashed window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons in South London.
Store front of Brixton branch was covered in shattered glass.
'No evictions' and 'yuppies' spray painted in black across advertisements.
One protester arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Organiser of Reclaim Brixton event denounced violent actions of 'one idiot'
But said there could be a reason the estate agent has been 'continuously targeted'
'Every protest that you watch, there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window'
England reached 341 for five on day one of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341-5.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed in the first over for a third-ball duck.
The Shepherd's Crown will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
Plot of the final book is unknown, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
He went on to sell 85million books worldwide, with his work being translated into 37 languages.
West Ham are set to move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The Hammers have announced a new season ticket structure.
Tickets will cost as little as £289 for the 2016-17 season.
Manager Sam Allardyce says filling your home ground is paramount.
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update.
It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly.
The Glass House in Chislehurst was designed and built especially for government officials during the Cold War.
It was built with five foot thick concrete walls and was equipped with showers, food and fuel stores.
The property, known as the Glass House, has now been put on the market for £3.5million.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line.
The match passed without any major off-field problems.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from the 1983 film.
Eric Idle originally took viewers on a journey through the cosmos.
Much of the science in the song is right - or at least, fairly accurate.
Luke Shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside when he was spotted by a police helicopter.
The 11-year-old is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia.
He was found just before midday on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, north-east of Melbourne.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with him as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
Patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot, in the same way one might download an app.
The personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Hulk recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit St Petersburg.
The Brazilian striker has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian club.
Hulk's previous deal, reportedly worth more than £5million a year, had been due to expire in summer 2017.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked.
While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings from the Knights Templar.
The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards.
Eight years after it was meant to open as
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
Charle managed to escape and ran naked down the street.
But he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for rape of 15-year-old daughter.
She held her daughter's hand 'the first few times' and planned to tell friends.
Husband Gary, 29, admitted to raping girl 'every few days' in 2013.
He also admitted to sexually assaulting her sister, 11, but struck plea deal.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs and he makes jokes about people feeling afraid when they see him with a fork.
Valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone. He says he just has dark fantasies.
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Lazarus raped an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney.
The Mayor of three years wrote the reference in support of Lazarus's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years.
European Parliament set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts.
Current loophole sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value.
But winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs, and hit smaller vineyards.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
The 26-year-old left Bradford at the end of last season.
Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004.
The 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy.
Pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of May elections.
But the 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes.
She is standing for Lega Sud Ausonia - a small independent party.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season.
The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
That is their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006.
Mourinho insists his team's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics.
Dan Potts opened the scoring for West Ham at Upton Park.
Adam Drury's own goal doubled the Hammers' lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for Manchester City but it was not enough.
Patrick Vieira's side face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup on Monday.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth.
David Bowie came eighth on the poll, while Twiggy came fifth.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Tories have nudged ahead in the polls with less than two weeks to go.
But Tories are increasingly concerned it may be too little too late to win.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
Now researchers believe it could be used to improve memory and ward off diseases such as dementia.
Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall.
Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The striker is being touted as a possible England debutant.
QPR travel to fellow strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side now have 115 goals for the season.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play before the final.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park.
The Cumbrian striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Only four players in Europe have a better ratio than Murray – though he has some way to go to catch Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Steven Gerrard looked glum after being knocked out of the FA Cup on Sunday.
The Liverpool captain has just six games left to play in a red shirt.
Gerrard is set to play his final game in England against Crystal Palace.
Chelsea are likely to be confirmed as champions before Gerrard comes to Stamford Bridge.
He slipped up in last year's game to gift Demba Ba a goal and throw away the title.
The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer for players.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
The Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach.
Suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers.
Also suggested ‘threats falling short of brute force’ as suitable methods.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to rare condition.
Doctors said he would need to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left Luca severely disabled for life.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell'
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric all looked in good shape.
Real are seven points clear of their rivals in the La Liga table.
Gareth Bale missed Saturday's win over Eibar with an injury.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander reveals secret plans drawn up in last government.
Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants.
But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
The clash is the worst row between the two former coalition partners.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points.
The camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through Adam Federici's legs.
The Gunners will now face Chelsea in the final on May 30.
Wenger accepts his side were 'a bit lucky' to reach the final.
Liverpool's sponsorship agreement with Standard Chartered Bank has been extended for three years.
The partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
This being the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the best age to make the move to England.
Hummels reiterated that he was weighing up his options after Dortmund's defeat by Bayern Munich at the weekend.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the race, followed by Max Verstappen.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon.
But a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Vettel finished 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 to Juventus in Champions League quarter-final.
Juventus striker Alvaro Morata was fouled by Ricardo Carvalho.
Carvalho's initial contact on Morata appeared to come from outside the area.
Jardim described the decision as a 'huge injustice'
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for picture next to boy wearing T-shirt.
The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English but failed to pick up meaning.
Picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.
It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi.
Letter from passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot 'providing proof that we're all in this together' has gone viral.
The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry.
In it, a passenger writes how she feels the need to'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand'
The photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times.
Labour leader faced further humiliation today as he loses support of plus-sized blogger.
Callie Thorpe, 25, signed high-profile letter backing Mr Miliband hours earlier.
But today she tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
She said: 'I honestly believe that Natalie Bennett was wonderful'
Signatories included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers and affluent students.
Manchester City have been linked with a move for Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell.
Roberto Mancini was furious at the quality of English players signed by the club.
Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson were all bought by City.
But the dilemma remains the same: How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP (financial fair play) regulations?
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the Fast & Furious franchise.
In the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the action flick, the 5-foot-5, 95-pound brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver.
But as the car blog Jalopnik reported Thursday, she has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film's crew.
Joy Webb, 17, asked her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain to prom because he never got to attend his own prom.
Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his prom happened.
On Saturday night, Drain came over to his granddaughter's house and the two swapped a boutonniere and corsage for the event.
After having a pre-prom dinner, Joy and Drain went on a horse and carriage ride around town before dropping them off at the school for the dance.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Now Debbie is threatening to ban her from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
At Rambold's August 2013 sentencing, Baugh said Moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' as the judge.
Baugh was also censured by the Montana Supreme Court for his comments and suspended from the bench for 31 days.
Ukip announced it would make St George's Day a Bank Holiday in England.
But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
Cui Hongfang, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death.
Chelsea and the Premier League are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday.
There is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions.
Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town.
Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said Hillary Clinton is'revolutionary' and 'not radical, but revolutionary'
Apple founder's widow said that the former First Lady has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service.
Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa.
But she was blasted for her'staged' visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa.
Rory McIlroy's bid to win all four major titles ended at Augusta National.
Jordan Spieth sealed his maiden major victory at the Masters on Sunday.
McIlroy finished in fourth place, 12 shots better than last year.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a £100,000-a-week move away from Anfield.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Sterling's contract talks with the Gunners are on hold.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Saracens host Clermont at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on Saturday.
Wesley Fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is back to anchor the Saracens midfield.
Julien Bonnaire will tackle Billy Vunipola and will be there to stop him.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw.
'The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said Jonah’s proud father Simon Scott.
Hugo Lloris injured his knee in Tottenham's 4-3 win against Leicester City.
The France international was carried off on a stretcher.
Lloris missed his country's friendlies against Brazil and Denmark.
Mauricio Pochettino could be without striker Roberto Soldado.
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series.
Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria after going to Turkey.
Muslim leader Farouk Younis said Muslims must talk to other teenagers.
Said they could be followed by friends who'might be looking at them'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity.
It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up.
Curiosity is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock.
One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen.
This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface.
The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Prime Minister says he will amend Working Times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor, and get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday.
Business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
But Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said companies would not be forced to organise paid time-off for their employees.
Eden Hazard has scored 35 goals in 100 Premier League games for Chelsea.
Graeme Souness believes Hazard will be named PFA Player of the Year.
Hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of games.
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 will face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz is still not fully fit and may be forced to return early.
Lyon and Monaco are the only realistic contenders for the title.
Robert Tomanovich, 55, owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan.
He first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag on a fence.
A second noose appeared on a tree outside his business which operates at a second property on the same street.
Tomanovich has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag, but has since taken it down.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United.
Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance.
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Richie Benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep on Friday surrounded by his wife Daphne and family.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling Benaud's death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman'
On Friday, Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
Blizerian made headlines last year when a video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool.
Incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk.
A video maker captured the storm, which initially looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river.
Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge.
Flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison.
‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ they said.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
A Southern Poverty Law Center lawsuit filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman
Singer has had many adventures beyond London's SW3 postcode.
Says he packs the bare minimum and enjoys staying at Travelodge.
Loves to surf in the Arctic and wants to join the Mile High Club.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones work most effectively when a person is asleep.
Scientists have long known that sleep, memory and learning are deeply connected.
But just how that process works has remained a mystery.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia.
The condition is a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
Jean, who was once nearly immobile, completed a 10-mile hike with her husband four months after she started taking her DRD
Elephant became stuck in a muddy quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation.
More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the swamp.
The short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm on Saturday night.
Sydney Observatory staff captured every moment with their equipment.
Brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather, but clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth.
The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century.
Yeovil Town lost 1-1 to Notts County in Paul Sturrock's first game in charge.
Sturrock spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay.
The 58-year-old has been promoted five times as a manager.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Park refused to release any further details when contacted by DailyMail.com on Monday.
Diana's final wishes for disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation.
In 1995, 154 million migrants left their home country and moved to another.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among nations with high number of immigrants.
Other European countries also have similar numbers, with Germany having nine million, France recording 7.5million and Spain reporting more than six million.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract.
The 24-year-old has ambitions to play in Europe, says Tim Sherwood.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for Villa.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure.
The Manchester City boss has vowed to support the midfielder until the end of the season.
Sportsmail revealed City will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon.
The Queensland Reds fly-half becomes the latest Australia international to move abroad.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign, which starts against Fiji in Cardiff on September 23.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
But he pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months.
Prosecutors said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana is representative of Historic House of the Medici.
He wants to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
The Save Florence campaign aims to appeal to 'true travellers' rather than tourists blitzing the city in a couple of hours.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital.
The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his cell.
But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
He is hoping to be transferred from Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son.
There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence of the accident.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, delayed tying the knot.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
Corey held the rings at the wedding at his bedside in Bristol Children's Hospital.
Veteran scriptwriter Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing.
He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1.
But not everyone got the memo.
Cassandra Hann‎ said she was refused entry because she was wearing Havianas.
Alex Koeninger, who was also flying out of Perth on Thursday, wrote on Facebook: ‘So I just tried to enter the Qantas Club Lounge in Perth airport and was not allowed in because I was wearing thongs, jeans and t-shirt'
LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at Syracuse University on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
She began painting self-portraits as a way of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after deciding she wanted to change her appearance, but later gained the weight back.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's celebration on Sky's Soccer AM.
The 34-year-old gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went 'horribly wrong' for Stoke team-mate Adam following his wonder strike against Chelsea last Saturday.
Adam originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica in 2006.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final first leg.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot in Turin.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street.
It featured impressionists playing celebrities such as Michael Caine and Keith Richards living as neighbours.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of last year's Sydney Test.
The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role.
Root should not be moved up the batting card to captain England.
Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player captain.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Polish fighter Jan Blachowicz tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported because he is an alcoholic.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he will be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
The case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws.
Kell Brook and Frankie Gavin will fight at London's O2 Arena on May 20.
Khan's father Shah Khan says the fight could have been fought sooner.
The Khans say promoter Eddie Hearn has been 'disrespectful'
Summer Elbardissy was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University.
She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window.
Teenager was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling.
Also had to relearn how to swallow food, brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself.
Now, 19-year-old has filed lawsuit against fraternity and Wesleyan via lawyer.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on Facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End.
The honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player.
She left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Hector Bellerin, Francis Coquelin and Nacho Monreal are among the players who have impressed recently.
The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obama's.
next attorney general, ending a five-month deadlock that made.
Lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys.
general combined.
The first black woman to become the top.
law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote.
Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination.
He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to Rochdale police station.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin attracted interest from the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s.
Now 26, Sahin is back 'home' in Dortmund following an unsuccessful stint at Real Madrid.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Kitchens are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room.
Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
There’s no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment.
He told a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason'
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
Arsenal need a goalkeeper, a centre back, a holding midfielder and a striker.
Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois.
Bernd Leno is interested in a move to Bayer Leverkusen.
Mattia Perin at Genoa keeps cropping up on Arsenal's scouting lists.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
The tweet was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.
One said: 'How dare you make the execution of Black men in America the butt of your jokes'
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars.
He said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead.
Parker posted $250 bond and was issued a trespass warning.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Visitors will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family sued the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association on March 10.
They said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league.
Audrey's lawsuit seeks to let Audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees.
Swansea host Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday in the Premier League.
Garry Monk wants his former side to continue their impressive form.
Roberto Martinez's side qualified for Europe last season with a fifth-place finish.
But Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton's season.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine.
'Swimming in the sea is one of the most enjoyable parts of a coastal holiday and one that should not be avoided simply because of jellyfish in the water,' says Matt Fletcher.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
The 29-year-old has since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
Her inspirational memoir does not focus on the figures.
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the Championship play-off.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side.
The Owls have now lost all three points against Brentford.
Cardiff University study found use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest (15 to 16 year olds)
Almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarette, far more than had been tempted by tobacco (1.6 per cent)
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract.
Diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at Arsenal.
Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
Jenna revealed the news live on this morning's Today show.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
It is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million flat to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year.
The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse.
It was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But new evidence has revealed that the woolly mammoth was riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium.
The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food, or flee hunters.
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide'
He said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like that just speaks to how bright he is'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Pardew has won nine Premier League games since leaving Newcastle.
The Toon manager's record at both clubs would see him in eighth place.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind.
The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
Dale Cregan reportedly transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital.
Source said 31-year-old was 'playing the system' at Category A jail in Merseyside.
Cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
He was said to have started refusing food after being moved to solitary confinement.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded Atlassian software company 12 years ago.
He shares the title with his business partner Scott Farquhar after they established software company Atlassian.
They are now joint CEOs and equal partners to the company, which is worth a reported $3.5 billion.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born on January 17 and 19, but keepers at Bronx Zoo have yet to learn their genders.
They have been pictured riding around with their mothers Layla and Kumi, who are both 16 years old.
While they have different mothers, they share a father, 32-year-old Ernie, who is father to them both.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
Former captain of the fictional Star Trek Enterprise, William Shatner, has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes.
But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart after suspected oil leak.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in statement.
Plane had 123 passengers and five crew on board when it took off from Cologne.
Passenger Eugenio Bartolini, a schoolteacher from Rome, said a woman seated behind him was assessed by medics because she had 'a fear of flying' and was 'apprehensive'
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the crash's victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz was widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit.
Small wooden angels were placed on the pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights.
Flags flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of relatives in west-German city.
Liverpool travel to Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
Liverpool have won just one of their last six games against top-five sides.
A defeat at the Emirates would leave them eight points behind.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
DeWitt was one of the first teachers to join the Bergen County Academies' full-time staff in 1992.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia on 6th April.
He will spend four weeks with the Australian Defence Force.
Harry will visit the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra.
The 30-year-old will then tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
As one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down, Quaid yells, 'Don't f**king Dennis me' before storming off the set.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer at the age of five.
Her parents were told she only had three months to live.
The 31-year-old went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up six days after giving birth to her second child.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 in her memory.
Suma is one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis.
The 36-year-old orangutan was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
She was treated by orthopaedic surgeon Marino Pirpiris and senior vet Dr Helen McCracken.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn.
Jordan managed to catch and eat fish, according to the Coast Guard, and despite reports of a shoulder injury and dehydration, he arrived at a hospital in good condition.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment.
But local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Graham White, 76, said the changes to the property looks'more like a children's playscheme'
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury.
The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries.
Poynton had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie.
The French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership's second best side.
Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing Saturday's semi-final.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City last season.
Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
'The idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can. We love the idea of Detroit being appealing to talented people from New York or anywhere,' said Courtney Henriette.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Acting inconspicuously, Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos.
Esteban Cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy.
Cambiasso joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer.
The former Argentina international won five back to back Serie A titles.
He also won the Champions League in 2010.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered.
The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The Swiss No 2 is the defending champion in the Monte Carlo Masters.
Dimitrov will play Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the Premier League's top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged in a jail in Dhaka on Saturday.
He headed a militia group that collaborated with Pakistani army.
It was behind the killing of 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
But move has been slammed by the man's supporters, who have called for a nationwide general strike.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, but there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
She made the announcement on the day a study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule due to financial problems.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Kate Sullivan, 50, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
She died five days later.
The suspect had Sullivan's Social Security number and a signed copy of her driver's license.
Other documents she allegedly used were forged.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel, it emerged today.
But all the revelations are nothing more than April Fool's Day pranks.
The Mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was made up.
Baboucarr Ceesay believed to have drowned on fishing boat in Mediterranean.
His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.
She said: 'His mother will never get his body back. She'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure has been linked with a move away from the Etihad Stadium this summer.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man.
The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Authorities said the Northern California boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham wielding an axe and demanding cash.
But he was foiled after shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKarry's demands and ran from the back of the store to pounce on McKerry.
McKerry was subdued by the owner who rugby tackled him to the floor.
His wife then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and subdue him further.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
But they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.
Pacquiao was joined in Los Angeles by his ever-expanding family; wife Jinkee and their five children - Princess, Emmanuel Jnr, Israel, Queen Elizabeth and Michael.
Tectonica responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
It also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour's Argentinian link was an 'embarrassment'
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang.
She was being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.
He offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
Video footage shows the man wheeling himself to the pharmacy.
When he sat down with her, he reassured her: 'Don't worry, I am not going to harm you'
Peter Moore received the document from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
The 47-year-old father-of-two demanded an apology from the Government.
He said: 'I don't know how that kind of mistake could have been made'
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to Hull City on Tuesday.
Sturridge has been out for five months with calf and thigh injuries.
Brendan Rodgers is determined to bring in players to ease the burden on him.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
Woods has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times.
The 14-time major winner has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter Sarah Wright was injured.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted to celebrate the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
Investigators found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood.
Town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid more than £86,000 in compensation.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren Almon-Kok, saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
A day later, it had swept the world. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
A lost iPhone was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning.
Officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page.
The post was quickly shared by the woman's friends who labelled police 'legends' for their unusual approach to tracking down the phone's owner.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.
David Silva and Jesus Navas provided the assist for Aguero.
West Ham defender James Collins missed an own goal in the 18th minute.
Feline was chasing bird when it slipped on icy surface and lost its footing.
As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin has emerged as Arsenal's premier right back this season.
The Spaniard has been filling in for Mathieu Debuchy at right back.
Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's time.
Walcott is determined to take his 40m club sprint record back from him.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents were forced to leave their homes.
Residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area – including two other villages – were submerged in 1965.
The ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for tourists, photographers and fishermen.
Celtic defeated Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk gave the hosts the lead in the 18th minute.
Edward O'Fere equalised for the Highlanders in the second half.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking.
The pair are pictured holding shisha pipes and drinking Fanta orange.
Sterling has turned down a deal worth around £100,000 per week.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a New York City highway.
Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08.
Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
The Ghana international fits into Mauricio Pochettino's transfer blueprint.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the 25-year-old.
The orphaned youngsters were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into diet.
First of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple.
The 65-year-old, from Somerset, says they're growing at an astonishing rate.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Nutritional Therapist Lorna Driver-Davies explains health benefits of these new super saps.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday.
The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track.
They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad.
A disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on Indonesian TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed.
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Portuguese side are the only undefeated side in the competition so far.
Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
Pep Guardiola labels Porto's defence 'a winner'
Samantha Armytage interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
Armytage congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'
Co-host David 'Kochie' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment, taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old's direction.
A Change.com petition, which has since been signed by 186 people, was launched on Monday.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning, police said.
They have been sent to the medical examiner's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
The little owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother's wing.
The scene was photographed from just six metres away by Dean Mason, 48, who hid away in a camouflaged shelter in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.
Co-author Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49, were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was later sold at auction for £2,200 and could now be worth millions.
Bed features biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary.
TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII.
Gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities were on the cover picture, which was the brainchild of artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth.
Following the shoot on March 30, 1967, Mr Cooper's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the band.
The brave hippopotamus stood its ground against the three-year-old big cats in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
However, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying lions for years.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help.
Jessica Cleland took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
The 19-year-old was bullied online by two teenage boys she considered friends who called her a 'f***ing sook'
The Cleland's are now campaigning for cyber bullying laws to be taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia.
Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
He is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer.
A Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Nigel Farage’s Ukip.
New trends coincide with the huge impact of Scottish Nationalist leader Nicola Sturgeon on the campaign.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Lewis died Friday.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season.
Belgian attacker Mirallas was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign.
Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
The 35-year-old initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving.
He then made up a series of stories to shift the blame.
X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Neville believes United can beat anyone with their current form.
Bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as'melanism' can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers dark.
Researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet.
They say the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet'
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown.
Zara Phillips was due to make her Kentucky debut at the event.
The Queen's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test.
Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the Eventing at London 2012.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
The average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
Filkins was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17.
When he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money.
But it emerged Labour is proposing a time limit of between two and five years.
Tax advisers immediately disputed this, saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the Treasury significant sums.
Andy Erlam won a High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014.
He was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing.
Mr Erlam said: 'There is a danger that Rahman's cronyism and corruption will just continue in another form'
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' from Shenyang, North China, has taken 30,000 selfies with passengers.
The 58-year-old is one of the most recognised taxi drivers in the region.
He picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Inverness were awarded a penalty for Josh Meekings' handball.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie was watching the bout on a camel TV.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall.
Adrian Lewis beat Stephen Bunting 7-2.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, has been sentenced to 10 years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl at his family home in June.
Judge M. Marc Kelly told an Orange County jury that he 'did not intend to harm' the girl.
Prosecutors have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will push for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
The MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
But its owners were served with a summons for an 'unresolved' and 'historic' debt.
Lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over the 'historical' wrangle.
The ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window.
The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands, and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters after consulting with university officials.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian ace shows off an array of skills out of hours.
Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium for their latest La Liga battle against Sevilla.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery.
MH17 was downed by suspected Russian-made BUK missile on July 17, 2014.
In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror.
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
It said MPs had a duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’
Critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
Loeb is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed, but Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances'
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and computer gaming site IGN.com.
They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) and other users dubbed Never-banned Users.
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
Cassandra Fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut Children's Medical Center for Hodgkin's lymphoma, which she was diagnosed with in September.
As she was discharged from hospital on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life.
Cassandra made national headlines last year after she and her mother initially refused the treatment.
They said they wanted to explore natural alternatives instead.
But in January, a state court ruled Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The former Bayern Munich doctor quit the club on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City on Saturday.
The Spain international also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
Fabregas took to Instagram to show off his battle scar - a large gash across the top of his swollen nose.
West Brom are watching Nice forward Alassane Plea.
Tony Pulis has had scouts busy monitoring targets in France.
Montpellier’s former Blackburn right back Bryan Dabo also under scrutiny.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Youngs scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, Durham.
He waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him.
As the men wrestled, McKerry's wife Sam hit him twice with a baseball bat.
McKerry was jailed for six years at Durham Crown Court today.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
This, for example, would make hydrogen fuel cells for cars much more economical.
Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira minivan.
But producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy.
With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily.
The major benefit is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like
John Carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season.
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon.
The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match against Swansea.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster, who seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance.
Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.