More than 1,000 people have been referred to homeless services in Wales in the past year, a charity has said.
A man has been arrested after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Four people have appeared in court in Chicago accused of beating a black teenager to death in a video made for Facebook Live.
West Brom's director of youth development and youth development, Gary McAllister, has left the club by mutual consent.
A "fasting-mimicking" diet can reverse the progression of type 1 diabetes, according to US scientists.
The merger of two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica, sounds like a good deal.
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class programme.
When a comedy club opened in the US city of Austin in 2009, it was billed as the "only improv theatre in America".
BT shares jumped on news that the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, was considering separating the company from its parent company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking his side to Hampden for the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Queen's University in Belfast has announced that it is to cut about 1,000 undergraduate and postgraduate places.
An NHS trust has apologised after it mistakenly printed out more than 850 hospital appointment leaflets.
The shadow foreign secretary has said there are "many conversations" between Labour MPs and the government over whether to back the draft Brexit bill.
Torquay United captain Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Shane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
The death of a man whose body was found in the Menai Strait could have been caused by his bail arrangements, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Jordan Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
President-elect Donald Trump's team of climate change advisers would do an "enormous disservice" to science, a former Nasa chief has said.
The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
World number one Justin Rose is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Former England striker Geraint Cole has warned he faces a "long road ahead" if he does not receive a kidney transplant.
Internet service providers in Pakistan have been told to block access to YouTube after the company lifted a ban on the video-sharing site.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Joe Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Olympic cycling gold medallist Liam Doull says he has "dreamt of this moment for so long" after helping Great Britain win four gold medals in Rio.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
All photographs courtesy Nevis Range and Hamish Frost.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $1.5bn (£1.6bn) by Hong Kong's securities regulator for its role in the rigging of foreign exchange rates.
The Baftas were held on Sunday night to celebrate the achievements of the best and brightest in the film industry.
It has been a remarkable year for Andy Murray.
A South African rapper has been shot dead in the capital, Pretoria, police say.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, prompting a police investigation.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill improved her chances of qualifying for the 800m at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Austria.
Manor Racing has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The number of candidates standing in the general election in Northern Ireland has risen to 228.
What do you think about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100?
A teenager from Northumberland has been crowned Alternative Model of the Year.
A Falklands War memorial statue which has graced Portsmouth seafront for more than 30 years could be moved to a new museum site.
A 27-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror control order, the BBC has learned.
Former Sussex all-rounder Paul Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Josh Brown on a two-year deal following his release by Shrewsbury Town.
When it comes to the fairy tale, it's not often that a straight version of the classic tale is made for the big screen.
It is a festival of Sodom and Gomorrah.
When The Beatles played their first show at Liverpool's Cavern Club in the early 1970s, they were the epitome of rebellion in the city.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the national minimum wage to 12,000 rand ($1; £1) an hour.
The death of Ethiopia's former military ruler, Meles Zenawi, in the capital, Addis Ababa, has been widely reported.
Azhar Ali hit a half-century as Australia beat Pakistan by eight wickets on day two of the second Test in Melbourne.
The SNP and Scottish Labour have won the Midlothian West by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-18 internationals Jack Hughes and Rhys Evans ahead of the 2017 World Championships.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced a new wave of sanctions against Russia, accusing Moscow of interfering in the US election.
If you want to know what Labour is planning to do with university tuition fees, look no further than its manifesto.
The final day of work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash will be Friday, West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service has said.
The former director of the FBI has said he is willing to share details of his conversations with President Donald Trump.
The White House has confirmed that the Obamas hosted a private dinner in New York for the first time in their history.
A number of roads in County Antrim have been closed following a number of incidents.
Mental health is a very important issue for many of us, and it is very important that we understand how food affects our mental health.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has agreed to return to the US to write a sequel to the classic novel.
The US has suspended talks with Russia in Geneva aimed at restoring a cessation of hostilities in Syria, the State Department has said.
London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan has won the race to become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
A children's song about a new vicar has gone viral after it was posted on social media.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks after breaking his leg in Sunday's Champions League win over Everton.
A man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen, police say.
A passenger plane has been hit by a drone near the final approach to a Devon airport.
A seal has been rescued after it was caught wrapped in netting in the middle of a Fife beach.
An archive of letters and sketches belonging to one of the world's most famous authors has been discovered in Edinburgh.
Leeds City Council's John Roache has been elected general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she's "frightened" by the pressure of her new album, The Dreaming Room.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still be a Premier League player.
Exeter City made a pre-tax profit of £1.6m in 2014-15, according to the club's accounts.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole at a training centre.
The Scottish economy is expected to have a "successful" 2017, according to a new survey.
An inquiry into police infiltration into political and social justice groups in England and Wales is likely to uncover "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand won the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in their history as they came from behind to beat South Africa in rainy conditions at Twickenham.
A radar study is being carried out to "understand" why a Grade II listed obelisk has been damaged by lightning twice in its history.
Inditex, the world's biggest clothing retailer, has reported record profits for the six months to the end of July.
Lady Gaga's performance at the Super Bowl on Sunday will be one of the biggest in the history of the event.
Victims of the Rochdale gang are still being ignored by police, a victim has said.
Flooding has forced the closure of a Coventry department store for the second time in less than a week.
A growing number of comments on the US government's website about net neutrality have been sent in at "unreasonable rates", warn experts.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club need to rebuild its facilities if they are to compete at the highest level.
Moana has topped the North American box office in its first weekend of release.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Miami Open with a straight-set win over Laura Robson.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a serious assault in Londonderry.
Scientists in France have identified a species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus in the death of four-year-old Emile Dibaba in Guinea.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could play at this year's World Championship if his wife gives birth.
Work to remove a section of a Grade ll pier from the Isle of Wight has been approved by councillors.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the construction of flats at the University of Oxford.
The head of a school trust has written to parents to warn them of "unthinkable" cuts to funding.
Plans to create a national park in West Africa could have a devastating impact on indigenous communities, a report says.
The discovery of a human skull on a motorway in West Mercia is being investigated by police.
Colombia's Alejandro Martinez won Olympic gold in the men's middleweight with a unanimous points victory over Russia's Ruslan Dusmatov in Rio.
University support staff in England are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close two primary schools in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with FC Tokyo.
Security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir have clashed with protesters on the anniversary of the death of a prominent militant.
The outcome of the UK's vote to leave the European Union is a significant moment for the world's central banks.
Sale Sharks full-back Nick Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position.
The death of some patients at a mental health ward in north Wales may have been a contributory factor, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A 32-year-old man has been jailed for a series of "gratuitous" attacks on two men in Londonderry.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for a banned substance.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £1m.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers when confronted with a genuine threat to themselves or the public.
The Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems has secured a £1.5m loan and equity backing from UKSE.
A Brazilian footballer who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia on Thursday has been flown to the Colombian city of Medellin.
Former TV presenter Peter Robinson has called for a longer tunnel to be built at Stonehenge in Wiltshire.
Everton secured their place in the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg.
Boreham Wood midfielder Chris Bishop has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner.
The death toll from prostate cancer is set to rise over the next few years, according to figures released by the Royal College of Surgeons.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Wasps came from behind to beat bottom-of-the-table Worcester.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in a gun attack on a museum in the capital Tunis, officials say.
The destruction of Mosul airport by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants has been detailed in new satellite images.
There is "absolutely no danger" of a major disruption on the main rail line between London and Reading, Network Rail has warned.
An oil company has been granted a permit for exploratory drilling in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Online retail giant Amazon has announced that it is to start recording sales made in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy.
Junior doctors are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United midfielder Jake Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A Dorset college has been awarded £1.5m in government grants to improve its teaching facilities.
The Football Association's chief executive is to meet the family of Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of heading footballs.
If you want to be rich, you need to spend at least $50m (Â£40m) a year.
Sale Sharks have signed England Under-20 back row pair Tom and Tom Jones on a two-year deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Londonderry.
Egypt and other Arab countries have failed to reach a deal on nuclear disarmament, the US has said.
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales have been criticised by the Welsh government.
Tyson Fury's decision to pull out of his world heavyweight title rematch with Bermane Stiverne because of depression is not a surprise.
England head coach Eddie Jones is confident he will have a number of experienced players in his squad for the autumn Tests.
A collection of more than 100 paintings by a Northumberland Fusiliers soldier has gone on display in his hometown.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football is not a surprise, according to former Celtic manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in Dorset.
Workers at Crown Post Offices in London are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pensions, the Post Office has confirmed.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he would rather go to the SDLP or Sinn FÃ©in than the DUP.
Drugs with an estimated street value of £1m have been seized in County Londonderry.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said there is "now a greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to "keep their feet on the ground" as the League Two club enter the new season.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of demands imposed by four Arab states on Qatar.
UKIP leadership hopeful Leanne Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a female passenger.
As Wales' team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016 in Lyon, it was hard not to be moved by the roar of the crowd.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire has been named as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Great Britain's Liam Cassells and Paul Scrimgeour have qualified for the final of the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock and Airdrieonians midfielder James Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to deny Francesco Guidolin his first win in charge of Swansea City.
The Irish Rugby Board (IRB) has released its latest anti-doping figures following the "Bloodgate" scandal.
Radiohead and Radiohead will headline this year's T in the Park music festival in Glasgow.
The White House has urged North Korea to refrain from "irresponsible provocations" that aggravate regional tension, after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
Human bones have been found during a search for a man who has been missing for more than 30 years, police have said.
If you want to know what the 'Good Doctor' is up to, read this article on the BBC Sport website.
Ciara Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce led Ireland to a seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in their Women's World Twenty20 qualifying match.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly fed a pill at a hospital in Essex has said she is "appalled" by the lack of leadership.
Britain's Mark Cavendish secured a place in the men's Olympic sprint quarter-finals with a second-place finish in Paris on Sunday.
More than £100m is to be allocated to emergency departments and waiting lists in Northern Ireland.
The Winklevosses have launched a fresh legal challenge against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, accusing the social network of withholding crucial information from them.
A 15-year-old girl has been knocked down by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known spies.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee United striker Ryan Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier has been arrested by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) investigating alleged phone-hacking at a barracks.
Serious concerns have been raised about the quality of care being provided at a Glasgow care home.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was reported to police in north London.
More than 50,000 properties in Lancashire have been left without power after a substation went out.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes on a former horse racing track have been rejected by the government.
Councillors have called for compensation for businesses damaged by the new Valu-4-U ferry.
Lille have signed Tunisia midfielder Adama Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been spending time on the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year 2013.
A civilian aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport after being intercepted by RAF Typhoons.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been granted more time to question them.
The 2017 European Championship kicks off in France on Friday, 10 June.
Great Britain will play Greece in their final warm-up game before the start of EuroBasket 2017 in London on Friday.
Australia reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Wales.
Scotland's players want to give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" when they face Ireland in the opening day of the Six Nations, says scrum-half Dan Strauss.
Gen David Petraeus, the former CIA director who led the US surge in Iraq, has said the Islamic State (IS) group has "significant terrorist elements".
The personal details of more than 1,000 people have been accessed in a "malicious cyber attack" on the website of Edinburgh Council.
Rebels in Syria say they have launched a fresh offensive against government forces in response to the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is launching its own adverts.
Dexter Hall has been nominated for the Hyundai Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office.
Business Secretary Alun Cairns has called for cross-party consensus on the UK's departure from the European Union.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a new law to protect them from criminal prosecution.
Trolls who post "grossly offensive" images of themselves or others could face prosecution under new laws.
In the early hours of Sunday morning in the Indian-administered Kashmir state of Srinagar, seven-year-old Faizan was playing cricket with his friends.
A 75-year-old woman has died after being hit by a tipper truck.
Four bids have been submitted for a £1bn contract to run the rail network in Wales, the Welsh Government has announced.
BBC Scotland presenter and traditional Scottish music presenter Robbie Doric is to step down after 35 years of broadcasting.
Carlisle United manager Chris Coleman has criticised the League Two club's decision to allow his side to play away from home.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a suspicious package was found at Old Trafford ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
League One side Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat League Two Preston North End in extra time and reach the EFL Cup third round.
A man who found his tools in a cat charity shop has said he has been offered £100 by a magazine for his story.
Kirsty Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after pleading guilty to a bank fraud.
Books of condolence have been opened in the Irish city of Limerick to mark the death of broadcaster Sir Terry Wogan.
The Scottish and UK political parties have called for assurances over the future of orders for new frigates at the Clyde shipyard.
Republican presidential front-runners Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have traded barbs on each other in a heated debate in South Carolina.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest, beating Russia and Australia.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a beach where five men drowned last year, the council has announced.
Partick Thistle manager Gary Osman says he would be "disappointed" to see Alan Archibald leave the club.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of travelling to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Hull City midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS is not very good at clawing back money it is owed to foreign nationals who travel to the UK to get treatment, according to new research.
Belfast Giants moved to within three points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 5-3 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The first steam locomotive to run on the East Coast mainline for more than 50 years is set to make its journey to London.
A former head teacher at a school where he was sexually abused has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the US and Canada box office with a record-breaking opening weekend, according to Warner Bros.
Kirsty Williamson says she has no memories of a crash at the World Championships in Rotterdam that left her paralysed from the waist down.
The gap in life expectancies between men and women is closing, according to a new study.
The former chief executive of England and Wales' police and crime commissioners has resigned from Question Time, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Stephen King looks at China's debt crisis.
Plans for a £1bn super-sewer tunnel in south-east London have been criticised by an academic.
The operator of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "unfair and grossly misleading" claims about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A Chinese passenger plane has been forced to make an emergency landing at Sydney airport after a hole was found in its engine casing.
A mother-of-three who was refused entry to the UK because her husband earns less than her has said she is "very hopeful" she will be allowed to stay.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic youth coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight could improve the prospects of Scotland's young players.
The electoral commission in Democratic Republic of Congo has appointed former opposition leader Joseph Kabila as interim president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as promotion-chasing Wycombe beat promotion rivals Exeter.
Australian journalists have gone on strike in a row over job cuts at the country's largest newspaper publisher.
Teenage jockey Jack Marquand could be crowned champion jockey one day, says his trainer Richard Hannon.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government in December.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association over the conduct of midfielder Nasser Akpan.
Octopuses appear to display a "Nosferatu-like" stance, according to a new study.
England's Laura Robson has signed a new three-year contract with the Nottingham Open.
Human rights workers in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the number of bodies buried at a cemetery in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint former Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
The government's White Paper on the future of England's housing market has been a breath of fresh air.
At least four people have been killed in an attack by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in northern Iraq, Turkish officials say.
The body of a missing teenager has been found in woods in North Lanarkshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is the world's most expensive player, according to a new study.
The Solar Impulse aeroplane has left China for Hawaii in the Pacific Ocean.
A police and crime commissioner who was suspended for visiting a murder victim's family has been cleared of wrongdoing.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Paul McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-1 victory over Ukraine in their final Group C game at Euro 2016 was a "wonderful" moment.
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by a High Court judge.
The daughter of a mother and daughter who were stabbed to death in Birmingham has spoken of the "devastating" loss of her father.
Three Americans have been released from detention in North Korea.
South Korea's education minister has expressed "deep regret" after a mistake in one of the questions on this year's national high school test.
Rugby league club All Golds have held talks with the owners of their home ground in Gloucester.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to ostracise him from his family by asking for an apology and retraction.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the Tour of Britain.
A charity worker has admitted fraud and money laundering.
A Dalit woman in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has said she was beaten up with a sari and a stick by a group of women.
Turkey has said it will continue its military campaign in northern Syria "until all threats to our borders, our lands and our citizens are completely over".
Mae'r Eglwys yng Nghymru wedi cael ei anfon gan yr Esgob Llanelwy, yn ôl a pheidio rheoli'r broses.
Toshiba has said it is in talks with banks to raise funds to help it restructure its finances.
England captain James Anderson says his side would "lose 2-0" if they lost to Pakistan in the third Test.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by Henry Ford's omission from the squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed former Northern Ireland midfielder James Hodson on a season-long loan from MK Dons.
A decanter has been donated to a museum to mark the centenary of the Highland Clearance.
A drug addict who stabbed a pensioner to death during an argument over money for sex has been jailed for life.
The illegal sale of weapons on the dark web has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A former reality TV star who used to be the world's heaviest has been granted a visa to travel to the United States.
A new class of drugs has been discovered which can block the growth of prostate cancer, scientists say.
The Europa League will be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16, the European Professional Football League (EPFL) has announced.
Schoolgirls should be screened for signs of female genital mutilation (FGM), a teachers' union has said.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a teenager was raped in a park in Inverness.
Former Swansea City defender Alan Curtis says it would be "tough to get back up" if the club were relegated from the Premier League.
Welsh students who owe more than £21,000 on their student loans in 2017-18 are more likely to repay their loans than those who do not, figures show.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot of a foreign airline on a flight from Munich to Turin last year.
David Cameron has said too many people coming to the UK as husbands and wives are not learning English when they apply for a visa.
The number of children in Wales living in poverty has more than doubled in the past five years, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for travelling to their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus in the country last month.
(Close): London's leading shares have fallen for the second day in a row, dragged down by falling oil prices and a sharp sell-off in China.
The family of a woman who was murdered in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago have called on the prison service to release her killer.
A former Russian prime minister has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared to show him in a sniper's pose.
Louis van Gaal joked that he had picked three centre-backs for Saturday's 2-0 win over Arsenal because he thought they were good enough to win the game.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than £50m for expansion plans in the United States, the company has announced.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to end a long-running dispute over pension benefits.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of the iconic K-cup coffee pods, has been bought by a private company.
A university has apologised after a poster saying Jennifer Lawrence wishes she had used a fake password.
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side's lack of international selection is not a surprise.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after completing a 38-game unbeaten run.
Plans for a new student accommodation at the University of Aberdeen have been given the go-ahead.
A council has said it is "really, really disappointed" that a Paw Patrol character did not appear at a Christmas lights show in America.
Colin Calderwood has joined Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion on a two-year deal.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says being dropped from the British and Irish Lions squad has given him "extra incentive".
England beat Scotland 13-6 in their opening match of the Six Nations.
Great Britain failed to qualify for the final of the men's 800m at the World Championships in Beijing.
Two men have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in Fife.
A 25-year-old man has died after being hit by a forklift in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil Ward.
It's almost 70 years since the first atomic bomb was made in Japan.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Peter Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland charged with fraud and money laundering.
Malagasy singer and songwriter Lala Njava is one of Africa's best-known musicians.
For decades, Myanmar has been a haven for the Rohingya.
When I first met Ivan Lendl, I didn't expect to get a hug from him.
A record number of 16 to 17-year-olds have taken part in the UK's biggest ever referendum.
Ferrari boss Toto Wolff is in the final stages of his bid to replace Nico Rosberg as world champion.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Two adults and two children have been rescued from a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he has changed his mind about allowing terminally ill people to take their own lives.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision" and a "wrong decision", says Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's deadly garment factory collapse in the capital Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic lifted the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Aberdeen.
The death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive polonium 210, has been described as one of the most remarkable and sensitive murder cases in modern times.
A health board has been fined £154,054 by the auditor general over its handling of an organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi.
A man accused of helping victims of the Grenfell Tower fire has appeared in court.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the challenges facing Africa this year.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told to demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham after delays caused by the construction of two new stations.
Vans used for a DIY SOS project have been stolen during a spate of thefts, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December.
EE and Vodafone are the best mobile operators in the UK, according to a new study.
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking has been given a community order.
The demolition of Vila Uniao neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro has been completed after two years of resistance.
The operator of Britain's oldest nuclear power station is to lose 8% of its weight over the next few weeks.
A US man who shot and killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty.
Bottles of Lagavulin Scotch Whisky are to be auctioned in a bid to raise more than £300,000 for Islay Heritage.
Painting artist John Hockney has told an inquest how acid severely burned his friend's throat before perforating his stomach.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
A United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to Chicago had to be diverted to Edinburgh because of a fuel leak.
The Great City Games is due to take place in Manchester later this week, amid heightened security following the Manchester bombing.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting 203 state schools in England into academies in the two years to March 2012, according to a report.
When Russell Knox arrived at Royal Birkdale for the Scottish Open, he was greeted with a mixture of excitement and excitement.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over a delay in releasing new CCTV footage.
Police in Brazil investigating allegations of bribery by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, are questioning him.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
The English Football League has confirmed the draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup.
A baby marmoset that was stolen from its enclosure at a zoo in Australia has been reunited with its mother.
Women in the intelligence services are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has described the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Powell has announced she has given birth to a baby girl.
A lorry driver has been jailed for five years for causing the deaths of two men by dangerous driving.
A Belfast woman who underwent gender identity surgery at the age of 69 has spoken of her relief after being told she was no longer a woman.
Astronomers have discovered the first gas giant planet ever discovered.
Peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in the city later this month.
A man has been arrested in connection with the hacking of Kate Middleton's iCloud account.
The Polish embassy in London has said it is investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against Polish nationals following the EU referendum.
Ospreys have signed Scarlets centre Rob McCusker on loan until the end of the season.
Gunmen have attacked a motorcade carrying about 250,000 euros (£200,000) in cash and documents from the Saudi embassy in Paris, French police say.
The phrase 'woman in a man's world' is an apt one.
Telephone and broadband services between Orkney and Shetland have been disrupted after problems with a transmitter.
Pupils at a convent school have been told they will no longer be able to attend their prom because of the financial strain.
Mohamed is a football fan who plays for the Turkish football team in the city of Edirne.
Former Charlton Athletic chief executive Paul Porter has left the club by mutual consent.
Former Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she did not drink enough wine at the State of the Union dinner in January.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's former Prime Minister John Key has announced his resignation.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of promoting personal attacks as a "core component" of their general election campaign.
Police have appealed for information about a taxi driver they want to speak to in connection with an attempted kidnap in Derbyshire.
A food truck serving ex-offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence and crime is to open its doors to the public.
A man who raped a woman in Cessnock more than 20 years ago is thought to be in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at the city's police headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 14-year-old boy via social media has been jailed for 13 years.
Samantha is set to become the first Briton to be sent to the International Space Station (ISS).
A Green Party councillor has been warned she faces a High Court injunction if she continues to protest against tree removal works in Sheffield.
Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas says he is "completely behind" boss Dave Brailsford.
Snap, the messaging app owned by Snapchat, has revealed details about its new augmented reality glasses.
Guinea-Bissau have signed a contract to host the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations after players went on strike over unpaid bonuses.
David Cameron has said it is "very important" that grammar schools in England are allowed to expand.
Bristol City scored three second-half goals to beat Watford and move up to third in the Championship.
Prisoners who were locked in their cells for three days have been allowed to return to prison, the Ministry of Justice has said.
England Test captain Joe Root says Peter Moores has given him the "best out" of his career.
Peterborough United manager Paul McCann has vowed to keep his belief in the League One play-offs intact despite his side's 5-0 defeat by Walsall.
A public inquiry is to be held into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on a former quarry site in Maidstone.
Work to stabilise a railway line which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against when he found a monkey on a colleague's desk has reached a settlement with the Metropolitan Police.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants security officials to kill journalists if they do not do anything wrong.
A surfer has died after being attacked by a shark in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak at a lifeboat event in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's most prosperous countries.
A toddler who died after she was left alone in the bath suffered "many and terrible injuries", a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend in a "violent" attack.
Three firefighters who rescued a man trapped in a crushed car have described their "kiss-of-life" moment.
More than 1,500 armed police officers will be patrolling London's streets by the end of 2017, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial electoral reform bill, paving the way for a second-round run-off.
(Close): Wall Street ended the week on a high note, boosted by a rally in banking shares.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a three-year-old boy by dangerous driving.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Katie Peacock and sprinter Hannah Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the IPC Athletics World Championships in London.
An Afghan man who says he was sexually assaulted by his wife has been urged by the president to press for justice.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's house and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for two years.
Jonathan Trott hit a career-best century as Warwickshire held Somerset to a draw on day three of their County Championship match.
Mickey Demetriou's second-half free-kick gave Newport County victory over Yeovil Town, their first win under manager Mike Flynn.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England opened their World Cup campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea.
Thirteen-year-old Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after tweeting a picture of a UKIP van in Rochester and Strood.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter has filed a lawsuit against the record label that owns the band.
A delegation of Scottish oil and gas firms has arrived in the US for a trade mission to Myanmar.
The deportation of thousands of Haitians to the Dominican Republic last year has exposed greater divisions within the Catholic Church in the region.
Plans to double the number of primary schools in Surrey have been approved.
Portsmouth have signed Vincent Langanzi from Coventry City for an undisclosed fee.
Liam Henderson and Tommy Bowe have been ruled out of Ulster's Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday.
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have voted to oppose plans to turn a pub into a convenience store.
Aberdeen came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish League Two play-off final.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees who are trying to reach the country by boat.
Leading scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to clarify its decision to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A school has been accused of breaching its uniform policy by refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of killing his great-grandfather in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
When I arrived in Canada for the Women's World Cup, I was delighted to be part of a crowd of more than 8,000.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the party's new leader, Sir David Attenborough, could surprise him.
Jose Mourinho says his Manchester United side prepared for a "difficult" Premier League game against Chelsea, but insists it was not the result they wanted.
A review into the quality of care for older people in Wales is to be launched.
Swansea City Council (S4C) has appointed David Evans as its new leader.
Mae pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth wedi cael eu gorau i lesteirio amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
A team of scientists is launching an investigation into the mystery of as-yet undescribed human remains.
Liverpool midfielder Diafra Sakho has failed to test positive for a banned substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The UK should be the first country in the world to introduce genetically modified (GM) crops, according to a new report.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned remarks by the military's deputy chief of staff about the Holocaust.
A review into the future of Welsh broadcaster S4C is being considered by the Welsh government.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow are to be disrupted as part of a multi-million pound upgrade.
Liverpool are in talks with two potential new owners, the club's owner Hasawi Al Hasawi has confirmed.
This year's GCSE results in England and Wales show a slight dip in the proportion of top A* to C grades.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the Republican presidential debate, his spokesman has said.
Leicester Tigers have signed Bristol wing Ellis Genge on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 jobs could be lost at the Department for Transport (DVLA) due to the introduction of a direct debit scheme, the chancellor has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says better wickets have been a key factor in their recent form.
If you're in Silicon Valley and want to know what it's like to live next to Facebook's headquarters, you might want to look elsewhere.
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of 12-year-old Bailey Wood at an Aberdeen school.
League One side Walsall have signed Carlisle United left-back Matt McShane on a free transfer.
Three men have been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death at a Notting Hill Carnival.
It was a bittersweet night for the Paralympic and Olympic fans.
The Sykes-Picot map marks the beginning of a new chapter in the history of the Middle East.
Celtic winger Callum Roberts says he is relishing the prospect of returning to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League clubs spent a record £1.38bn on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, according to new figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford and Plymouth defender Chris Gilmartin and ex-Huddersfield Town goalkeeper David Brill.
John Dingledine, the founder of the Tor hacking project, has a reputation for being a bit of a defensive maverick.
A man has been found guilty of unlawfully killing his wife at their home.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" on the opening day of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta.
Bury moved into the League One play-off places with victory over struggling Coventry.
The Australian government says it has negotiated the return of 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers who came from Vietnam to Australia.
Marc Marquez won the MotoGP title for the first time in his career with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Polly Glover hopes her coxless partnership with Polly Swann will help her retain her World Cup title in the Netherlands this summer.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of ditching their commitment to "fairness".
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in three months in April, according to official figures.
Microsoft's research labs are working on a range of new technologies that could change the way we interact with computers.
The results of the Welsh general election have been announced.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Reading striker Aaron Tshibola and Mansfield midfielder James Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting has begun in the Merseyside general election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Belfast city centre to raise awareness of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer has announced plans to close its factory in Somerset with the loss of 230 jobs.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall in 1955.
The Beatles' manager has been recognised for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life 50 years on.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed midfielder Ryan Mooney on loan from National League rivals Lincoln City.
The UK government has published its strategy for the future of bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the Tories may have to increase taxes or cut spending if they are to win the general election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the line-up of presenters for the new series of Watchdog.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) says it will take legal action if a member of Fifa's electoral committee has a conflict of interest.
A former tiler has been found guilty of the murder of a teenage girl more than 40 years ago.
BBC spending in England and Wales rose by more than 20% over the past two years, according to the corporation.
World number one Ding Junhui stunned world number one Mark Williams 10-6 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US has lifted security restrictions on Bahrain.
A ticket signed by The Beatles has been sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
The quality and cost of support for care leavers in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by MPs.
New rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" have been described as "political posturing".
The body of a man who went missing from his Denbighshire home has been found.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" to describe black actors is "very disingenuous", says David Oyelowo.
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their liberty unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979, she was hailed as one of the most influential women in British politics.
Oil and gas exploration company GDF Suez has discovered a new well in the Central North Sea.
Red Bull have rejected a potential engine deal with Mercedes because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive in Formula 1.
Passengers on a cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of the US state of Alabama on Thursday have been reunited with their loved ones.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history as they came from 30-18 down to beat Montpellier.
Islanders have been asked to submit proposals for development in Guernsey.
Slumdog Millionaire will be screened at a screening of the film in the Scottish Borders later.
James Trescothick and Chris Trego hit centuries as Somerset put themselves in a strong position against Middlesex on day two.
There was a "co-ordinated, deliberate and sustained action" to introduce a "hardline and aggressive Islamist ethos" into some schools in Birmingham, a leaked government report says.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been hit by power cuts.
In a hospital in the northern Vietnamese city of Hanoi, a mother handed over a cash gift to the medical staff who referred her son for eye treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute three British oil companies for illegally drilling in the Falkland Islands.
Former Saracens internationals Mako and Billy Vunipola have died at the age of 25.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 90 years has died aged 112.
Scarlets head coach Steve Owens believes Racing 92 are the best team in Europe.
Widnes Vikings kept their Super League play-off hopes alive with a hard-fought win over St Helens.
A woman who was ineligible to compete for Team Wales at the 2014 Commonwealth Games has said she would never return to the sport.
Maria Sharapova returned to the top of the women's rankings with victory in the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat defending champion Naomi Osaka in straight sets to reach the second round of the Australian Open.
Falkirk manager Neil Houston says he would be happy to sign another striker if he was given the chance.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the EU to be "simple, clear and effective" and to withdraw from where it is not necessary.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of "wilfully dishonest" over his party's record on immigration.
There is "no room for compromise" over the renewal of the UK's nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
Councils in England are to get a quarter of a billion pounds in government funding for weekly bin collections.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the remains of some of the world's most ancient forest sites.
Shaul Walsh kicked a last-gasp try as Hull FC came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons in the Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, including a cover of Don Quixote's Man of La Mancha.
New Cardiff City manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been sacked after just seven games in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says the club's "miraculous turnaround" has not made him forget the "tough" start to the season.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Williams has been re-elected.
The Queen has dined out at a Scottish inn for the first time in its 300-year history.
Stephen Copoc was a father-of-two from Garston, Liverpool, who worked as a gardener in the Parks and Gardens in Liverpool.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a transgender woman in the Philippines.
Scottish tennis players should be banned from the sport if they are found to have been involved in match-fixing, says Ian Fleming.
The US military may consider transferring Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to treat her gender dysphoria, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
David Cameron and Iain Duncan Smith are to meet in Downing Street later to discuss the fallout from the surprise resignation of the former shadow work and pensions secretary.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the South Korea Open in the second round.
Growing up surrounded by family, friends, family and friends, it was easy to lose interest in technology.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Kyle McClean from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
Disney has been described as the "Royal Family" by a children's author.
More than 437,000 students have been accepted on to university courses through A-level clearing, figures show.
The use of phosphorus on grasslands in the world is set to rise by 80% by 2050.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called for a ban on foreign investors buying homes in the country's interior.
A 12-year-old boy has had a liver transplant after a 12-month wait, his grandmother has said.
A woman who defrauded a charity to pay for a charity trip to Tanzania has been jailed.
A former Greater Manchester Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has reached an in-principle agreement with unions the RMT and Aslef to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the west coast of Scotland.
Cambridge Panthers secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 4-1 victory over Sheffield Devils in the Challenge Cup final.
Helen Williams has been invited back to the Miss America pageant for the first time in 32 years after resigning from the pageant in 1984.
Four Royal Navy flagships are to be saved from the scrapyard and sold to a reef and diving attraction, the BBC understands.
A company has submitted a business case for the proposed Western Isles electricity interconnector.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been freed by Islamist militants.
Goals from Luke Grigg and Jack Conway helped Wigan to a comfortable win over Championship strugglers Blackburn.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to need hospital treatment than their non-diabetic peers, according to research.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to draw with Preston North End.
The father of a man shot dead by Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has called on the leader to clear his son's name.
The former director of an oral history project at Boston College has said he will not be intimidated into handing over the tapes.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Lancashire.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey rearing farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning more than 2,000 people from Nigeria to Cameroon.
The family of a schoolgirl who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a High Court battle over compensation.
The Gambia striker Adama Carayol says he has received an official invitation from the Football Association of the Gambia.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the country's electoral commission says.
Savings rates have fallen to their lowest level in more than a decade, according to new research.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded World Heritage status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association's statement on the future of manager Gordon Strachan was full of caveats.
The planting of jatropha trees in the Arabian desert could help reduce the amount of CO2 produced by cars and trucks, a study suggests.
Scotland's political leaders have urged voters to back the SNP in Friday's general election.
The family of Burkina Faso's ousted president, Blaise Sankara, have asked French authorities to declassify military documents to investigate his assassination, his lawyer has said.
A bridge in the southern Indian state of Goa has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more, officials say.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to new research.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in Falkirk has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Police in the Czech Republic say they have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held against their will.
Hamilton Academical manager Tommy Wright says he will take "the hardest punishment I can do" with his players after they were sent off in the 1-1 draw with Hamilton.
Sam Smith has been nominated for three Grammy awards, including best new artist.
Millions of people across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the festival of the breaking of the fast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shooting in Wolverhampton.
The partner of a woman who was found hanged in her cell told prison staff she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of bankruptcies in Scotland rose to its highest level since 2005-06, according to new figures.
Eleven children have been injured after a trailer carrying them on a school trip overturned on Carver's Hollow.
Andy Murray is on course to win the Davis Cup for the first time in his career when Great Britain take on Belgium in the final on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight with Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum to condemn the persecution of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to report details of the gunman who killed 12 people at a cinema in Aurora, Colorado.
Bolivian authorities say they are working with local authorities to contain a locust epidemic that has killed more than 1,000 people.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin species is more adaptable than previously thought, according to new research.
Two polar bears have been bred together at a Scottish wildlife park for the first time.
Matt Martin will replace Chris McGuinness in the Honda team at this year's Isle of Man TT.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison after being cleared of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
A police officer in Texas has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who was allegedly threatened with a stun gun.
League One side Fleetwood were held to a goalless draw by League One Shrewsbury in the EFL Cup second round.
Louis Vuitton's "I love you" tweet has been retweeted more than five million times in less than a year.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to life in prison for his role in the so-called "Zionist" commune.
In the run-up to the general election, Conservative MP Byron Davies has been asked to give an MP an ice cream.
If you were in a fairground, there would be a fair where you would be able to fight for your life.
A community pub has been named the best in the UK for its "community spirit".
Mexico's health ministry says it is investigating allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) detector has detected a new set of superparticles.
Gloucester City chairman Mark Hughes says the club's move to Cheltenham has caused fans to abandon the club.
The funeral of a Royal Marine who died while taking part in the Dunfermline Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was sexually assaulted at knifepoint by a man he had ordered to sell drugs has spoken out for the first time.
A US air strike on so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has killed one of the militants, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron has won best actress at the Critics' Choice Film Awards.
Torquay United have confirmed the withdrawal of striker Jack Spencer from their squad.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A dolphin has been rescued from the sea by a group of tourists in the north-west of Spain.
Two men have been injured in an armed robbery in Londonderry.
A doctor who treated patients with depression in the Highlands has launched a challenge to encourage others to do the same.
Neenu Kewlani is a wheelchair-wielding beauty pageant contestant from the western Indian city of Mumbai.
Power has been restored to thousands of homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after an equipment fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street.
Plans for a £1.5m cycle path in Sheffield have been rejected by councillors.
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is "on watch", according to a new report.
The UK's involvement in the 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the level of terrorist activity, the former head of MI5 has said.
Top weight Many Clouds has been dropped from the running order for Friday's National at Aintree.
The chief executive of the Education Authority has said teacher's pay in Northern Ireland is higher than the average in other parts of the UK.
The Royal Zoological Society in London is celebrating its 100th birthday.
The number of people arrested at UK airports for drinking alcohol on board a plane has more than doubled in a year, according to the BBC's Panorama programme.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a boy was found dead in a cellar, German police say.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has said the UK should have a say on any Brexit deal agreed with the EU.
A Lincolnshire mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect".
The US says it is "devastated" after two gay Bangladeshi men were hacked to death in the capital, Dhaka.
Rule The World has been retired from the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia on Friday.
Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the disappearance of a 24-year-old man.
Tributes have been paid to actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles as a binman in TV soap Coronation Street.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has fallen for the first time in 40 years, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has gone missing in Vietnam is due to begin on Tuesday.
Fuel prices rose by 5.4p per litre in May compared with the same month last year, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
Students at Oxford Brookes University have been told to "show consideration to their neighbours" in a letter sent to residents.
The Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) is taking on a number of new productions in the run-up to Arthur Miller's centenary.
Visitors to a Wirral hospital have been asked to stay away from the wards because of a norovirus outbreak.
A man has been charged in connection with an acid attack on two men.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been liquidated with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, the European Court of Justice has ruled.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have marched in the capital, Amman, in a protest against a controversial new electoral law.
Milly Dowler's killer Ian Bellfield may have given a confession to police, it has been claimed.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the possession and production of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the club's success this season, according to former Rangers defender Stephen Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is close to agreeing a new deal with Everton.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan has died at the age of 86.
A previously unreleased recording of Led Zeppelin's first live performance in 1970 has been restored for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Gwynedd Jones looks at the history of Wales.
A female prison officer in Northern Ireland has been attacked with a razor blade, the Prison Service has said.
Online shoppers are expected to receive a surge in returns in the UK on Tuesday, according to the country's postal service.
Northern Ireland's health minister has warned that the current system is not fit for purpose.
A schoolgirl who was seriously injured in a coach crash in Belgium last month has returned to school.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell thanks to a "ghost goal".
Former Rangers midfielder Scott Daly says he would consider a move to Dundee United if the club offered him a new deal.
Mick McCarthy's Derby County extended their unbeaten run to seven games with victory over Ipswich.
The price of oil has risen to a fresh seven-year high.
A Chinese man has been arrested for speeding in a Fast and Furious-style race in Beijing, state media report.
Councils in England will soon be "black-spots" as a result of the government's Right to Buy scheme, Shelter has warned.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed a bill that would limit foreign ownership of Russian media.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car carrying two children was stolen in Belfast.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ryan Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to take in 160,000 more migrants as part of an effort to tackle Europe's migrant crisis.
The directors of a company involved in the £10m Sixfields Stadium redevelopment have been revealed.
It's been a turbulent week for Russia's opposition.
Supporters of Haitian opposition leader Guy Philippe have held a public hearing to demand his release from prison on drug trafficking charges.
A health trust has launched a recruitment drive to help recruit nurses to fill vacancies at three hospitals in the south of England.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French prosecutor for alleged involvement in a blackmail plot.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket victory over Hampshire at Hove.
Thousands of people are taking part in Christmas Day swims in the sea, rivers and lidos.
Three Chinese weightlifting gold medallists have been stripped of their medals by the sport's governing body.
The number of empty shops in Scotland has fallen for the first time in three years, according to a new report.
The European Union has said there will be no parallel negotiations on the UK's exit from the bloc.
Greece's stock market has fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors and the European Union failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa says it has lost a legal bid to stop a pilots' strike.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have pleaded not guilty to a single charge of breach of environmental laws after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne is facing a "big turnaround" in the UK's finances, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian side Liege on loan until the end of the season.
It has been a week of intense training for the British and Irish Lions.
Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
A number of jobs are at risk at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the BBC understands.
The government should set a "bold new target" for delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture believed to be a man has been found in a river.
A man has been jailed for five years after being caught on camera grooming a teenage girl online.
Solihull secured their first National League win of the season with a 1-0 victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called on world leaders to do more to help refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria.
David Laws has said he is "extremely disappointed and upset" by the "tsunami sweeping away lots of Lib Dem MPs".
Human remains have been discovered under the roof of Brighton's Corn Exchange.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân wedi cael eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol yn yr ardal.
A case worker is to be appointed to help people affected by flooding in York, the city council has said.
A 14-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a bus crash at a hen party in Leeds has said she is lucky to be alive.
Police in Cuba have detained more than 100 activists who were protesting against the government in the capital, Havana.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures.
Police in Edinburgh have issued a warning to foreign tourists who are visiting the city centre in an attempt to steal money.
The EU will not reopen the controversial trade deal with Canada, the EU has said.
A chocolate maker has recreated the HMS Nelson and HMS Nelson to mark the centenary of Trafalgar Day.
A man had to be revived 17 times after suffering a cardiac arrest, the ambulance service has said.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah O'Connell led Great Britain to victory in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Budapest.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused of failing to act on allegations of sexual assault.
A dog has become a social media hit after being found wandering around a supermarket.
Bradford moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Shrewsbury thanks to goals from Charlie Evans and Jordan Evans.
The new mayor of South Africa's Tshwane province has said he will stop buying new luxury cars.
The Unite union has said it has been given assurances that the pensions of Bernard Matthews workers will be honoured.
A wheelchair user has been injured in an explosion at Beijing's Stansted airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital following a crash involving a tanker on the M4 in Cardiff.
He is one of the most famous Belgians in the history of football.
Dumfriesshire County Council has said it is "increasingly concerned" about the pace of progress on a new disaster response centre in the town.
Legoland has said it is working with the council to improve its traffic management.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" after being placed in special measures by the health watchdog.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.
An 11-year-old girl who was burgled has written an emotional letter to the thieves who broke into her home.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a machete was found during an altercation between a group of youths in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined Arizona Republic on a two-year deal.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man has been seriously injured after falling from the 14th floor of a building.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill could retire from athletics at the end of the 2020 Games, says her coach Tony Minichiello.
Will Miller scored a late equaliser as Burton Albion came from behind to draw at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
A mother and her young daughter were threatened with a gun during a burglary at their home in Manchester.
The number of people using town centres in the Scottish Borders rose by 23% in 2015 compared with the previous year, according to new figures.
The tiny Himalayan nation of Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Grant has backed the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of Scottish women's football.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon striker Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's first-half header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over struggling Blackpool.
The Welsh Assembly has voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite reservations.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Egyptian writer and writer Nawara Negm explains how the internet has helped organise a sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
A by-election has been held in Ayrshire to elect a new MP.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven leading earthquake experts.
A drug that boosts the immune system could be used in combination with antibiotics, a study suggests.
Police failed to properly examine the extent of the sexual exploitation of teenagers who went missing from care in 2013, a report has found.
Zombies are everywhere in South Korea, but not just on the train.
Congolese singer Emmanuel Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo on suspicion of assault, the BBC has learned.
Three convicted rapists have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Somerset.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has said he would love to work with Swedish furniture retailer Ikea.
The British Airways Authority (BAA) has blamed a computer fault for causing "massive disruption" to flights at Edinburgh Airport.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged in connection with the seizure of drugs with an estimated street value of £1m.
Burma's government has set up a commission to examine the causes of violence in the restive state of Rakhine, which has been under a state of emergency since May.
Mafia members return to school a year earlier than those who commit violent crimes, a study suggests.
Salford Red Devils have completed the signing of Wigan Warriors half-back Josh Tomkins on a three-year deal.
The chief executive of Airbus, Didier Bregier, has said the company would reconsider investment in the UK if the country voted to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of an Earth-like planet orbiting a distant star.
Tributes have been paid to a 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire.
Former Poland goalkeeper Tomas Boruc has retired from international football.
Two buildings designed to help fight pollution in China have been unveiled in the country.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's 10m synchronised platform at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley in the FA Cup.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers.
A student from Sierra Leone has been turned away from his Norwich flat because of the Ebola outbreak.
The BBC's 10 o'clock News is to be extended to include more news from the United Nations and Regions, the corporation has announced.
The Rugby Players' Association (RCA) has warned of a "hiring-and-fire" approach to hiring and firing coaches.
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" to succeed Claudio Ranieri as boss, according to former England striker Paul Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer who took her own life.
Japanese record company Sony has announced plans to restart production of vinyl records.
A polar bear cub born at a Scottish wildlife park has been moved to a new enclosure in a bid to raise cubs.
Exposure to the UK's summer sun is probably a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, say experts.
The government has announced new powers to tackle non-violent extremism as part of its counter-extremism strategy.
Parents and campaigners are calling for a new specialist centre to be set up in Wales to help people with a rare condition live longer.
A flood-damaged bridge is to be closed for two years as part of a £4.5m project to repair it.
Burns retained his WBC cruiserweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Carlos Beltran in Las Vegas.
Thousands of people have marched through South Africa's capital, Durban, in a show of solidarity against xenophobia.
A man has died after falling from a third floor flat.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" purdah rules in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner is to receive a Â£18,000 payment from HM Revenue and Customs as part of changes to the tax system.
The Iron Age crannog estate in Monmouthshire is thought to be the oldest in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in England earned six-figure salaries last year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
The Battle of the Somme is one of the most famous battles in the history of the world.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit the benefits of new EU migrants for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been jailed for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed in Hove.
The two front-runners in the Republican presidential race have clashed over their tax plans in their first televised debate.
A man's body has been found in his car in a Birmingham street.
Ukrainian troops have left the rebel-held town of Debaltseve, President Petro Poroshenko has said.
Rock band Revolution Radio have topped the US album chart for the first time with their new album, American Idiot.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Turkey's military has dismissed more than 1,000 soldiers following last month's failed coup.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent checks" of their high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Comic book creator Mike Young is to make a new series of SuperTed.
A bus carrying Egyptian and Palestinian pilgrims has crashed in Jordan, killing at least 11 people, the country's transport agency says.
A man who was beaten to death by a drug dealer in Gateshead has said he is "not ready" to return to his home.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury.
Exeter recorded their first win of the League Two season with a 1-0 victory over Cambridge.
The head of the Unite union in Derby has dismissed claims that Rolls-Royce is planning to move research and development to the city.
Pakistan's cricket team's tour to Bangladesh has been postponed because of a suspected terrorist attack, cricket minister Asif Ali Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered a way to stop a deadly fungus invading the body of birds.
A plane has been struck by lightning while taking off from Manchester Airport.
Scientists have reconstructed the brain and nervous system of an extinct species of arthropod.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a newborn baby.
A campaign has been launched to stop traffic backing up to Thruxton on a stretch of road next to Stonehenge Bottom.
The longest married couple in the UK are celebrating their 86th birthday.
Birmingham City have held talks with striker Danny Caddis about his future.
England pace bowler James Johnson hopes he can bring the scars of his Ashes defeat back to haunt his side.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky retained the overall lead.
An Orange Hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
Three people have been killed and five injured in a truck crash at a music festival in South Africa, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on immigration, the party's deputy leader has said.
The number of fire engines in Suffolk could be axed as part of £1.3m cuts.
The head of the FBI has said he is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to enable encryption on their iOS operating systems.
US Defence Secretary Eric Schmidt has called for a ban on mini-drones being used as weapons of war in the Middle East.
Northern Ireland is among the best performing schools in Europe in reading and maths, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth took a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The UK is considering whether to take military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Two nursing home workers have been given community orders for their role in the death of an elderly woman who fell to her death.
One in every 100 babies born at Bedford Hospital in England in 2015 was born addicted to a harmful substance, figures show.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after incorrect answers were found in the first run of the game.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 football match between Germany and the Netherlands.
Animals in the Arctic are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by electric cables, according to new research.
US movie-maker Imax plans to list its shares on the Hong Kong stock exchange.
Four teenage boys who died in a crash in Powys were "on a mission", an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been caught driving a "gold" Ferrari with no insurance after being pulled over by police.
Cincinnati Reds batsman Michael Gennett hit a career-best four-run home run in the Reds' 4-1 win over Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.
The former chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray moved into the Davis Cup quarter-finals with a straight-set victory over Japan.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, to discuss the country's "turning around".
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "fantastic loving mother" who has died of cancer.
A search is under way for a teenager who has been missing from a beach in Devon.
A man who stabbed his great-grandfather to death was not psychotic at the time, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club by mutual consent after Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Scunthorpe.
The UK's new local TV network has been selected by broadcasting regulator Ofcom.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury while flying in formation.
Schools in India have bought a vegetarian book for their students, amid concerns that it contains "poisonous" content.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Bristol.
Aberystwyth railway is one of the UK's oldest and most nostalgic railways - but what does it take to become a professional locomotive driver?
Russian athletes have been accused of trying to bribe doping control officers in order to avoid doping tests, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News NI looks at some of the key issues facing African journalists.
A judge in Brazil has charged a top aide to President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
The international police agency has launched an appeal for information on nine fugitives who are believed to be involved in wildlife crime.
Chinese shares fell on Wednesday after a closely watched survey suggested the manufacturing sector in the country contracted less than expected in September.
Jono Gibbs has been appointed Ulster's new head coach.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to back her party's calls for greater rights in the workplace.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling down the Munro Mountain in the Highlands.
Syngenta, the world's biggest pesticides and seeds producer, has been cleared to sell its North American business to China's ChemChina.
Police in Sweden say they have arrested the man suspected of carrying out a bomb attack on a building in the centre of the capital, Stockholm.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton and Hove Albion fought back to win at Wolves.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County midfielder Chris Pidgeley on a one-year deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" in order to win back support, the party's campaign chairman Andy Banks has said.
Celtic's summer transfer window was dominated by the prospect of finishing in the top six of the Scottish Premiership.
Marta does not normally shop at the supermarket.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Josh Davis on a free transfer.
Britain's David Grabarz won his second gold medal of the IPC Athletics World Championships with victory in the men's 200m.
Substitute Joe Rogic scored the winner as Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history with victory over Aberdeen.
Northern Ireland have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Ryan Kettings on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Five of the five men charged over the 9/11 attacks in September 2001 have refused to answer questions from a US military court in Guantanamo Bay.
Beyonce has been nominated for three prizes at the 2017 Grammy Awards, including album of the year.
Plans for a new football stadium in Truro and Falmouth have been branded an "empty promise" by the prime minister.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering a move to Chelsea, BBC Radio Manchester reports.
League One side Stags have signed Dundee United striker Josh McShane on loan until the end of the season.
The sale of a World War Two Spitfire, which was flown by the author Alec Lumsden, has failed to reach its valuation.
Two major energy firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 new jobs in Scotland.
A baby boar has hatched chicks at a Gloucestershire castle.
The government's immigration cap has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a "crisis" in the NHS, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy after a rise in insurance premium tax.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech and ex-Millwall defender Nicky Ward are among the UK's most successful footballers.
Easter should be celebrated on the first Sunday in April, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes in the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
When Jaguar Land Rover (MG) announced plans for a major expansion in the UK, it was widely seen as a sign of the company's future.
Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Caton on a season-long loan from Shrewsbury Town.
A US appeals court has blocked President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to close five libraries in West Yorkshire.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game as Burnley came from behind to draw at Sheffield Wednesday.
The Greggs bakery chain has reported a rise in sales in the third quarter of the year, helped by strong demand for its meal deals.
South Korea's Kim Jung won Olympic gold in the dressage at the Rio Games as Japan's Yui Fischertakinou missed out on a medal for Great Britain.
Wind farm developers in the UK should offer to sell part of their business to local communities, under a new government plan.
A 39-year-old man has been charged with a number of offences after two cats were shot in the legs in Surrey.
The Duchy of Cornwall has said it is "extremely concerned" about the safety of a beach where a bodyboarder drowned.
When you think of humpback whales, it's easy to think of their earliest stages.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold for another month.
China's state media have reacted angrily to an international arbitration tribunal's ruling that it has jurisdiction over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
Shares in Asia fell sharply after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than three years in the first quarter.
David Warner hit a half-century as Australia and West Indies played out a draw in the third Test.
At least eight people have been killed and dozens more are missing after floods hit the Bavarian town of Deggendorf, officials say.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in Caernarfon.
Two teenage boys have been arrested after knives and cannabis were seized from a street in north London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Kunle Adegbola reflects on the rise of cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously thought, the governor of the Bank of England has said.
Apple has reported a 15% rise in profits for the first three months of the year, helped by strong sales of iPhones and tablet PCs.
It has been more than 1,300 years since Prince Charles made his first pilgrimage to the shrine of a Welsh saint.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg has arrived in the Brazilian city of Interlagos for the first race of the season.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Workers at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil are to lose their jobs at the end of the year.
A 1,400-year-old mystery surrounding Camelot has been solved.
Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring for Leicester City, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
Theresa May's decision to call a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union is the latest sign that a new wave of Euroscepticism is emerging in British politics.
The Conservatives will cut "much deeper than is necessary" to balance the books and make the poorest bear the heaviest burden, Nick Clegg has said.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in New Zealand.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he would consider resigning if asked by the party's new leader, Paul Nuttall.
The makers of Channel 4's Benefits Street have been accused of misleading residents.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (POA).
A mystery photographer who took a photograph of a woman at a Buckinghamshire castle has been traced by the National Trust.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority says.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have been accused of "grandstanding" in their attempts to co-operate on Brexit.
More than 1,306 Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq between 2 December 2015 and 2 December 2016, the government has said.
Norwich International Airport's security information website has been hacked in an attempt to prevent a bomb hoax.
Plans for a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found wrapped in tarpaulin and buried in a house.
In the early hours of the morning of 6 June, Kiev's main medical centre was running low on medical equipment.
Wasps maintained their 100% start to the season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus on a dual carriageway in Edinburgh.
A South African man has been cleared of plotting to murder his wife in a taxi while on honeymoon in Dubai, a judge has ruled.
A shale gas firm has said it will invest up to Â£50m in Lancashire in the exploration phase of the project.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked after an episode in which he tried to close down a restaurant.
Downing Street has said it is "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of finding and restoring two World War Two Spitfires buried in Burma.
Two climbers have been rescued from the top of a ridge in the Vale of Glamorgan.
The government has temporarily suspended a controversial process in which asylum seekers are detained while awaiting hearings.
It is almost inevitable that the UK's new fiscal constitution is going to involve a redistribution of income from England to the rest of the UK.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man whose body was found in woodland in Essex have been released.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to open an office in London as part of a drive to diversify its client base.
BrewDog, one of the UK's biggest independent craft brewers, is set to see its turnover top £32m this year.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply in the run-up to the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A TV producer jailed for 17 years for offering to kill his partner has launched an appeal against his conviction.
The body of a Briton who died fighting alongside Kurdish forces fighting so-called Islamic State in Syria has been flown to Iraq.
A US appeals court has upheld the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Anders Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The BBC has obtained a video showing how a dog was kept in kennels for more than two years before being destroyed.
There is "no glory in opposition", Chuka Umunna, the Labour leadership contender, has said.
A man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in Gwynedd, an inquest has heard.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group has sentenced more than 30 men to death for their role in the massacre of more than 100 Shia recruits in Iraq in 2003.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by surf magazine Surfstitch for £1.5m.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Michael Ambrose scored twice as Colchester beat Bradford City to secure their first win of the League One season.
A Neolithic building dating back 4,500 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Britain's Tony Parker will defend his WBO and WBA heavyweight titles against Carlos Ruiz Jr in New Zealand on 10 December.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley's suspension from international rugby will not prevent him from becoming England captain, says the Rugby Football Union.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months says his son is in a coma.
The headline "Fight of the Century" is not a word you would expect to hear from a boxing promoter.
A 19-year-old Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent in 2010.
The White House has condemned a series of hoax bomb threats to Jewish community centres across the US.
If you look at the stats from Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham it is easy to see why England are on the brink of a Grand Slam.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has announced plans to release its self-driving technology to other carmakers.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect further disruption and cancellations as a strike by Network Rail signallers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution to ban the use of the wrong emoji of the state's national flag.
The Premier League has signed a new three-season domestic television rights deal with US broadcaster NBC Universal.
Part of a road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a £1m repair project.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace in violation of the country's airspace.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dai Young says his side are now in the Premiership's top six.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Bristol Rovers centre-back Ben Davies until the end of the season.
Dutch cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned from cycling for six months after being found to have a hidden motor.
As Conor McGregor prepares to defend his Ultimate Fighting Championship title against Floyd Mayweather at Manchester Arena on Saturday, the BBC's Dan Hardy takes a tour of the new training facility in the city.
Wales prop Owen Farrell has been ruled out of England's second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday because of an ankle injury.
A schoolgirl from Dumfries who has a rare genetic condition is calling for a drug to be made available on the NHS.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super Rugby competition by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
England Under-21s coach Gareth Ashworth has defended the decision to drop some of his top players for Euro 2016.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for saving the life of a mother and baby who were taken to hospital by ambulance.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and gang-raped in a London pub has been jailed for six years.
A "vicious" paedophile who forced a teenage girl to perform a sex act on him has been jailed for eight years.
Firefighters have been dealing with a large fire at a power station in Londonderry.
More than 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire as heavy rain continues to cause flooding.
The bodies of 43 Mexican trainee teachers who went missing last month were incinerated, a human rights group has said.
The UK military is to send troops to Somalia to help the African Union peacekeeping mission in the country.
The father of a six-year-old girl who was seriously injured when a bouncy castle was blown into a crowd has said she will have surgery.
United States striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the 2017 Women's World Cup.
More than half of mothers in developing countries are still breastfeeding at some point, according to new research.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Kebble from Stormers for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach David Betts says his side are still doing "good things" despite their recent drop in form.
The Palace of Westminster has denied allegations that Prince Andrew sexually abused a woman in the 1990s.
Krystian Pearce's second-half header earned Mansfield a draw at home to struggling York.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for six years for coercing a woman into having sex with him.
Sheffield Wednesday have agreed a deal to sign Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes.
The first temporary school buildings have been built at a Northamptonshire school damaged in a fire.
Former Scarlets chief executive Jon Davies wants Wales' best players to return to the region.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Romania's Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the final of the Shanghai Masters.
A County Londonderry man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of men in his home.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to undergo a major revamp as part of a multi-million pound redevelopment.
Police in West Yorkshire are investigating more than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in the past year.
Authorities in the US are investigating the deaths of dozens of suspected illegal immigrants who were found locked in a trailer near the border with Mexico.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at her struggle with anorexia nervosa.
Items from the Windrush era are going on display at a Nottingham museum as part of the city's annual Carnival.
John Whittingdale is behaving as if he were running the BBC, the shadow culture secretary has said, amid reports the broadcaster could be forced to change its schedules.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was refused a taxi when she tried to get to a concert in Carmarthenshire.
Europe's Philae comet lander has made contact with Earth for the first time in seven months, says the European Space Agency (Esa).
A police officer has been arrested after he performed karaoke in a Glasgow pub following an assault.
Johannes Viljoen made his first-class century of the season to help Dorset take control against Gloucestershire at Grace Road.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take unilateral action if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire's Chris Buck took a career-best 13 wickets to help his side fight back against Durham on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Police searching for a missing Greenock woman have said they are "working backwards" to try to find out more about her.
An advert featuring zombie-like characters has been pulled by a health charity.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton beat Sheffield United to reach the League One play-off final.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" to mark the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Scotland have agreed a 5% increase in their cod quota for next year.
A pilot and his wife were airlifted to hospital after their plane crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For more than a century the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of the city's history.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien have been named in the Ireland squad for Tuesday's Test against Scotland.
Landlords in England are to be given the power to evict migrants who have been convicted of housing offences.
Dutch justice minister Johan Opstelten has resigned after saying that a convicted drug trafficker was paid much less than he actually received.
Craig Swankie's stoppage-time strike gave Cowdenbeath victory over Forfar Athletic and moved them up to second in the Scottish League Two table.
Plans for a housing development in Carrickbridge have been refused by Dundee City Council.
An outbreak of norovirus has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
China has long been a country of fear.
Crocodile egg harvesting is one of the world's most lucrative and lucrative industries.
A fleet of gritters has been put on the roads of Dumfries and Galloway in the run-up to the winter season.
Ricky is the BBC's robot expert and he's been on a mission to bring you the best of the robots.
The mother of murdered toddler Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she found out his killers had been jailed for life.
Plans for a new paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the county council.
More than 1,000 migrants and refugees have moved out of the so-called "container camp" in the French port city of Calais, officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
Two teenagers and a man have been arrested after three people were stabbed in Essex.
Plans to bring back eight-council councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£55bn).
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government for not doing enough to help victims.
A Russian motorcycle group has pulled out of a planned road trip through Poland amid a row over its links with the Kremlin.
Hashim Amla has been named as South Africa's Test captain for the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew less than expected in the March quarter of 2014, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most iconic birds.
Force India have signed Mexican driver Sergio Perez from Sauber for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The mother of an 11-year-old boy who has never been to school has won a court case against his local council.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Italian Open.
Campaigners are calling for a free clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) to be opened in Cardiff.
Scientists have produced a new class of durable plastic that can be reused, rather than thrown away.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the founder of venture capital firm Hoxton Ventures, David Woodford.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders.
A fire that ripped through one of Nottingham's most famous industrial buildings in the early 20th Century is being treated as arson.
Men are more likely to die prematurely than women, according to official figures.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing after allegedly eating peanut butter in the mouth of a fellow student.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a request to move one of its highest peaks across the border with Finland.
The Scottish economy is set to grow at its slowest pace in four years, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was offered the job by President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed to a bride-to-be to take a photo with her on her wedding day.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A campaign has been launched to raise funds for a series of memorial statues to veterans of World War Two.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the BBC that the pace of political change in the country has slowed.
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder after CCTV footage emerged of him trying to rob a shop.
The National Police Association (NBPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the way senior police officers are dealt with in England and Wales.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old copper coins discovered in County Down more than two years ago has been described as "euphoric" by an expert at a treasure trove inquest.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being rescued from the sea in Newcastle.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of a mother-of-three who was killed in a crash in Thailand.
A 21-year-old woman has been jailed for life for murdering a millionaire in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
It has been a week of optimism for the UK economy.
England midfielder Luke Shaw has been named in the England squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has announced his retirement from the Scottish Parliament.
Three US hospitals have been left in an "internal state of emergency" after being hit by malware that encrypts files, documents and images.
We're BodyPositive, the body positivity website, and we want you to share your stories with us this year.
Sepp Blatter should resign as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
Four diners have been killed in a stampede at a restaurant in northern Spain, a restaurant owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, police have said.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon has joined Mercedes for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
Staff at an elderly care home in Edinburgh have been described as "chaotic" and "unacceptable".
It's been a busy week for dog owners in the UK.
Four men have been found guilty of murdering a drug dealer during a turf war in Rhyl.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Olufemi Akpan has been given a two-match touchline ban after being found guilty of misconduct by a Football Association disciplinary panel.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City secured their first Championship win of the season with a hard-fought victory at Cardiff City.
Kevin Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Hampshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected match at Edgbaston.
The mother of a baby with a milk allergy has spoken of her frustration at a decision by GPs to stop offering soya-based formula.
If you have a touchscreen gadget and it smears on your fingers, you might want to think again.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to donate stem cells to a Cardiff University student who needs a stem cell transplant, a charity has said.
Doctors in Australia have removed part of a toddler's leg from her pelvis in a "daunting" operation.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a housing complex in Fife.
Boreham Wood have signed former Gateshead midfielder Chris O'Neill on a two-year contract.
It is Ladies' Day at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool, and it is a day that many women in the city take pride in.
NHS England must respond to a report into the death of a neurosurgeon who was refused a critical care operation in Nottingham because of a lack of beds.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
England head coach Trevor Bayliss says one-day cricket is "a funny game".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Tommy Wright beat Michael van Gerwen 6-5 to reach the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
What would a vote to leave the European Union mean for Northern Ireland's economy?
Scotland captain Jamie Greer says he is open to a return to the Premier League.
Defence is one of the most important issues in politics.
Lord Avebury, one of the Liberal Democrats' most prominent human rights campaigners, has died at the age of 87.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland rose by 17% in the year to March, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and could lead the Conservative Party one day, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's services.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £200,000 in compensation for injuries they suffered in the workplace.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is being negotiated between the European Union and the United States.
Bristol head coach Danny Robinson says he was "delighted" to have appointed Steve Borthwick as England's new forwards coach.
Germany's trade deficit widened by 0.5% in November compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who witnessed a jet crash on a busy road in Kent has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should "get stronger" to tackle corporate governance, former chief executive Lord Myners has told the BBC.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled at a ceremony in Oswestry, West Yorkshire.
When Vladimir Putin met Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front, at the Elysee Palace in Paris in March 2014, he told her: "We do not want to influence events in any way."
The Liberal Democrats have said they will invest £1bn in apprenticeships and training over the next five years if they win the Welsh Assembly election.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its European headquarters out of London.
A convicted child sex offender has been jailed for more than 35 months after being found guilty of a string of offences.
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer has apologised after he mistakenly recorded the name of a man in his garden.
Aljaz Bedene and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Grand Slam title with victory in the Madrid Open final.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win their final World Cup Pool B match against South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has been given "guarantees" by the government that it will take on the "main risks" of building a new runway.
League One side Carlisle United have signed midfielder Pedro on a one-month loan deal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most recognisable faces in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on a one-year deal.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for taking naked photos of a sacred mountain has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of the most prosperous countries on the continent.
At the family home in the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border, the family members cry.
A memorial to aircrew killed in action has been damaged during break-ins at Lincoln's Bomber Command Remembrance Centre.
League Two side Northampton Town have agreed a deal with the council over a £10.25m loan to the club.
Shares in two of Asia's biggest financial firms have fallen sharply after trading was suspended in Hong Kong.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 MPs to his front bench, including eight from the black and minority ethnic community.
It has been a tough few years for the Premier League, but it seems that ticket prices have finally come down.
A national park in India has fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for posing with a lion and a pride of lions.
The death of a prisoner in custody is to be investigated by the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has more than doubled in a year, according to a new report.
The Liberal Democrats have accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of "ruthlessly raiding" the budget for free schools in England.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in the run-up to the election of a new mayor of Tower Hamlets.
It was 12 months ago that the Copper Box at London's Olympic Park was transformed into a football stadium.
Castleford Tigers full-back Ben Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team have moved into the bronze medal position at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in London.
People in Italy and the Netherlands are more likely to drink fewer cups of coffee, a study suggests.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej's son, Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn, has formally accepted the throne of Thailand.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced that Peter Robinson has withdrawn from the race to be its next leader.
The One Show presenter Carwyn Jones is to return to Cardiff for the first time since giving birth to her son.
The Church of Ireland is "not at all up to pace" with the debate on same-sex marriage, a bishop has said.
A man's body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined in the US for illegally exporting epoxy coating to Pakistan.
The new Ghostbusters movie is set to be released next year, according to a new report.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned to expect delays as part of a series of improvements.
Thousands of people have rallied in Spain's restive Catalonia region in a show of support for independence.
Prince Harry has shared some photos of Christmas hats and balloons that he received while visiting a children's home in South Africa.
Taxi booking services in Singapore will be banned from the start of next year, the government has announced.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson will replace injured James Anderson in the England side for the first Test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
A police dog who was shot in the head during an attempted robbery has died in hospital.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Moray.
Protests have been held in the US city of Chicago over the deaths of four people who were shot by police.
The leader of Lesotho's unity government has said he has been removed from control by the army.
A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been the victim of a campaign of political harassment after a break-in at his office in Cardiff.
Campaigners are taking part in a walk in the Lake District to protest against plans to build pylons across the lake.
On the outskirts of the Vietnamese capital, Hanoi, in the early 1970s, two tanks were being used to transport tanks from North Vietnam to the South.
Baltimore has lifted a state of emergency imposed over the death of a black man in police custody.
League One side MK Dons have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious leg injury.
Lancashire batsman Alviro Petersen hit his second first-class century of the season on day two of the County Championship match at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday after the release of emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake".
Sebastian Coe has died at the age of 93.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Blackburn Rovers midfielder David Kamdjo on a two-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from all football activity for two years by Fifa.
A witness has told a murder trial that he thought it was a burglary before a man was attacked with sulphuric acid.
Vauxhall is recalling more than 280,000 of its Zafira cars after a number of them caught fire.
Donald Trump has accused the Republican Party of being "rigged" and "crooked" as he launched his bid for the party's presidential nomination.
Star Wars fans have been given the chance to fight with lightsabers for the first time in the UK.
A man has been killed in a crash with a car on a dual carriageway in the West Midlands.
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to begin drilling in the Chukchi Sea.
A 27-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after a shooting at his home in the capital, Pretoria.
Tens of thousands of people in Turkey are being blocked from accessing the Tor network, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Luis Suarez has left the club by mutual consent.
Rugby union has come a long way since the 2002 World Cup, when it became the most popular sport in Asia.
Islamic State (IS) militants have taken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in northern Syria, officials say.
A Co-op has apologised after a sign was painted over with the word "wrong".
Leicester Tigers will be looking to take on Bath at The Rec in the Premiership on Saturday.
Employers in Nottingham have been told they will have to pay more for parking at work under a new levy.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren hopes Rafael Benitez has given the Spaniard more control of the club.
Celtic striker Pat Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to leave the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans to transform a historic Aberystwyth university building into a "cultural quarter" have been unveiled.
Voters in England will be required to show ID to cast their ballots under government plans to tackle voter fraud.
Luke Mullaney's unbeaten century helped Nottinghamshire take control on day two against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a paralysed man who died at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland have said they are "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him".
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a safe ride for horses in Wales.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has been named the best book of the year by the Ministry of Defence.
Deaf and partially sighted students in England are facing cuts of up to £100m to their allowances, the government has announced.
A self-published author has said he was censored by the Women's Institute (WI) after being asked to cover up some of its promotional material.
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not be intimidated by Glasgow Warriors' tactics in Saturday's Pro12 game at Murrayfield.
Women who are overweight or obese are being recruited to take part in trials to see if losing weight could reduce the risk of recurrence of breast cancer.
Leonardo Goretzka scored twice as Germany thrashed Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Eddie Izzard has become the first British comedian to complete 27 marathons in South Africa.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil praised his side's "slicker" finishing in their 2-1 win over Norwich City.
Crotone celebrated their return to Serie A with a 3-1 win over Lazio, despite having Bastos sent off in the first half.
Christopher Ritchie is to direct a film adaptation of the hit TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy has fallen into recession for the first time in three years, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rally in energy stocks.
Nicholas George Winton, who was one of the first British men to rescue children from Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia, has died at the age of 87.
The number of prisoners released by mistake in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A new £5 coin will be minted in honour of Prince George, the Royal Mint has announced.
The Great Exhibition of the North is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead in 2018.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 19-year-old son in Dublin.
Juventus clinched the Serie A title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle won the Championship for the first time in their history with victory over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
When I first heard the debate about the possibility of Yorkshire becoming an independent state in the 1960s, I was a bit taken aback.
Barratt Homes has announced plans for two new residential developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Kat Page won gold in the women's trampoline at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool.
Witches' marks carved into medieval buildings in the hope of protecting them from evil spirits are being sought by heritage authorities.
Dozens of people have taken to social media to check out Didcot Power Station after it was demolished overnight.
A cross-Solent ferry service between Sandown Beach and the Isle of Wight could be expanded, according to travel company Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987, according to the island's harbour master.
The director of Titanic Belfast has said there is no point in creating attractions outside Belfast for the sake of it.
A mental health patient who admitted killing his neighbour in a Brighton hallway has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police has announced she will retire next year.
Barnet extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Jermaine Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Christian Harnik has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Claude Montanier says it will be "difficult" to reach the third round of the League Cup.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault.
Tens of thousands of people have visited a Yorkshire sculpture to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has come out as gay.
The PSNI has said it will review all deaths linked to soldiers who carried out patrols in Belfast in the 1970s and 80s.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town to stop troublemakers from gathering in the town centre.
A former world champion boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend to death.
US missionary Kenneth Bae, who has been held in North Korea for 15 months, has been returned to a labour camp in Pyongyang, US officials say.
Two of the UK's most famous seaside piers have been put up for sale.
South Africa have confirmed they are in talks with head coach Fernando Domingo about a new contract.
Some of the UK's biggest ISPs are still not doing enough to protect their websites from hackers, a BBC investigation has found.
Online gambling firms may be breaking consumer law by offering "wagering requirements" which prevent punters from withdrawing their winnings, regulators have said.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in their 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical fields could help improve the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, say scientists at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Bradford has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has accessed millions of phone records, according to documents obtained by the Guardian.
Rory McIlroy says he is "not feeling great" ahead of the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The French interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, has said he will sue the interior ministry for defamation over the attack in the seaside resort of Nice.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as Mercedes dominated the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye, the former personal doctor of Uganda's former President Yoweri Museveni, is one of the country's most prominent opposition leaders.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after he discovered a colony of tube web spiders in his garden.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £13m for 2016, up from £9m a year earlier.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a street in Edinburgh.
Nobel laureate Sir Tim Hunt has said he is "really sorry" for making sexist remarks about women in science.
The number of people seeking help for long-term care in England has fallen by more than a third since 2010, according to official figures.
A former Bolivian air traffic control worker has written to the Brazilian authorities to accuse her superiors of a cover-up over the deadly Chapecoense plane crash in 2014.
Four members of a cult in China have been sentenced to life in prison for the brutal murder of a McDonald's worker in Shandong province.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have been caught up in a bitter feud on social media.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay in support of the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
The Welsh government spent more than £500,000 on cards in the first three months of the year, it has emerged.
Plans for a new Scottish film studio in Edinburgh have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to leave BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 years judging the show.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt held Uganda to a goalless draw at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Dog owners in Oxford could face tougher penalties under plans being considered by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Zimbabwe's political crisis.
The University of Stafford has announced it is to convert a Grade II listed building into a teaching centre.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami in Greenland.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 in Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington on Saturday, the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department tried to force the FBI to remove a classified email from Hillary Clinton's private email account, newly released FBI documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in terms of quality of life, according to a survey.
Gillingham manager Paul Pennock says the club's players are "pulling together in the right direction".
Video game streaming service Steam has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to release a wide range of video games.
Mexican authorities say they have arrested seven people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from a maximum-security prison.
A new primary school in North Lanarkshire will not open until October, according to Highland Council.
The government has announced changes to the way it calculates the amount of VAT paid by small businesses.
The head of the Association of School and College Leaders has called on the government to make some GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils.
Work has begun on Portsmouth's new Royal Navy base.
Police are continuing to search for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Fishermen and anglers are being asked to report sightings of an endangered shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava has been spewing out from a volcano in Hawaii in the United States.
A Sinn Féin TD has been granted an injunction by the Irish High Court to prevent RTÉ from reporting details of the businessman's finances.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been stripped of his Tour de France title for failing a drugs test.
The US says it has secured the release of a Czech citizen who was held in Syria for more than two years.
A review into the murder of Pat Finucane by the RUC has found that agents of the state were involved in the attack.
Scottish Football Association chairman Ian Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of match-fixing.
The Chicago police officer accused of shooting dead a black teenager last year has appeared in court.
The Independent newspaper is to be published online for the first time in more than 20 years, its publisher has announced.
Newport County have rejected a bid from Gillingham for defender Rhys Byrne.
A plastic fiver has been introduced in the UK for the first time.
A 90-year-old Australian man who went missing six days ago has described how he came so close to death that he thought he would die.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side are not ready to fight for the Premier League title after their 2-1 defeat by Liverpool.
Syrian state television has reported that government forces have captured a district of the central city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police over claims he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
Protesters in the eastern Russian region of Abkhazia have arrested the president of the region, accusing him of trying to destabilise the government.
The Indian Ministry of Transport (MoT) has been praised for helping a mother who was stuck in a queue for her baby daughter.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a music video for a song about mental health problems.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Birmingham have all rejected claims made in the Sunday Times that a private doctor prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to elite athletes.
The campaign to elect an elected mayor for south east Wales has failed to hit its target, a councillor has said.
Plans to close two of the UK's most important military sites have been announced, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
More than 100 schoolgirls have escaped from a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, the Nigerian military says.
Ten men have been arrested in connection with the seizure of a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crime is still not good enough, the police watchdog has said.
BBC Worldwide's global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
A Victorian reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump as a Nazi sympathiser has won an exhibition in Iran.
Bernie Sanders' popularity on social media has skyrocketed since he was elected president of the United States.
Port Vale moved into the League One play-off places with victory over West Bromwich Albion.
Barnsley have signed midfielder Michael Keane on a one-year deal following his release by Norwich City.
A woman has been left "very upset" after jewellery worth thousands of pounds was stolen during a break-in at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Leaders of Scotland's political parties have been reacting to the news that six people have been killed in a car crash in Glasgow.
England secured their place in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a 24-22 victory over New Zealand.
The M4 has been closed for more than two hours after a lorry overturned.
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said there is an "urgent need" for an effective executive to be in place.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £1m of funding from the Scottish government to help it meet the needs of the rural economy.
The family of an 82-year-old woman who was found dead in her home in East Lothian have paid tribute to her.
A series of devastating forest fires in Chile has been brought under control by Russian air support.
The US has said it is "deeply concerned" by Israel's decision to approve a new settlement in the occupied West Bank.
A couple who took their children to Germany to visit relatives have been told they should return home, a judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled in the Black Country to mark the centenary of the start of the women's chain making strike.
More than 1,000 Kenyan youth who joined militant groups in Somalia last year were forced to return voluntarily, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman in her 20s has died following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two 15-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of themselves and others on social media.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a sergeant and wounding two other soldiers in revenge for bullying.
Toyota has announced plans to invest £100m in a new plant in Derbyshire.
More public money is needed to protect grassroots football facilities in Wales, the chief executive of the governing body has said.
The leader of South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) party, Helen Zille, has announced she is stepping down.
British welterweight champion Nick Eubank Jr has offered his father a world title belt in a "goodwill gesture".
A couple in the US state of Alaska have spoken of the moment they found out their son had been killed.
Championship side Queens Park Rangers have signed QPR left-back Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament's role in triggering Brexit will not be affected by devolution legislation, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Antrim.
A lawyer for the family of Gerry Adams has said claims that the IRA murdered former MI5 agent David Donaldson are "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a World War Two medic who dealt with the sick and starving at a Nazi concentration camp.
A suspicious device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been closed after a child was left unattended on a minibus for two hours.
The owner of B&Q has agreed to sell its stake in the home improvement chain to China's Wumei Holdings.
Canada has failed to clinch a trade deal with the European Union after a regional assembly in Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Aberfanwick slurry disaster have been speaking at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri is the favourite to win the Grand National for the second year in a row on Saturday.
Former England and Manchester United boxer James McKenzie has signed a contract extension to fight for the vacant WBO world super-middleweight title.
A rare marine bird has been photographed with a plastic bag in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester.
The majority of people in Nottinghamshire have voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move up to third in Serie A.
Scotland's Culture and European Affairs watchdog has criticised the decision to award a grant to the organiser of Strathallan Festival.
Anthony Joshua has "George Foreman, Frank Bruno brutish strength" to challenge for the IBF heavyweight title, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has died at the age of 87.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains in a motorway embankment have issued a fresh appeal for information.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, the Afghan army says.
It's been a great year for Britain's Davis Cup team and I'm really happy to be part of it.
The Asylum Information Centre in the Serbian capital, Belgrade, is one of the country's best-known centres for asylum seekers.
New Falkirk manager Neil Houston is targeting a play-off place in the Scottish Championship.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall.
Michael Johnston's late goal gave Kilcoo a 2-14 to 1-9 win over Kilkenny in the All-Ireland Football semi-final at Croke Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins is set to miss out on a place in Team GB's triathlon squad for the Rio Olympics.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is expected to announce his successor later this week.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington in Cumbria has been adjourned.
US space agency United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled a new design for its next-generation rocket.
The death of one of the founding members of the US rap group A$AP Mob has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Billy Saunders says he is "still investigating" claims that striker Mame Biram Diouf was involved in a sex attack before a match.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the challenge of Slovenian side Maribor in the Europa League.
Defending champions Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the final foursomes of the Ryder Cup.
The number of Grade A office headquarter buildings in Belfast has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
In the days after the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, Japan's nuclear safety agency upgraded the level of radiation released from the Fukushima Daiichi plant to its highest level.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam in Northamptonshire on Friday, the force has said.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has said that she wants to keep the UK in the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to avoid eating poisonous cane toads.
England captain Waqar Zaman says he has no doubts that the International Cricket Council (ICC) is investigating suspicious betting patterns in the second Test against Pakistan.
Google is to stop offering 30-second adverts on its website.
Wales have called up defenders Chris Chester, James Dummett and Nicky Matthews for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 7 June.
The Equality Commission has defended its decision to order a Muslim baker to make a cake for a gay man in a discrimination case.
Athletics could be stripped of all its world records under proposals being considered by the sport's ruling council.
The son of a man accused of forcing him and another man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court how he was allowed to eat and drink with the family.
A 20-year-old woman who died after a two-car crash in Belfast city centre has been named by police.
Rugby's world governing body has opened its doors to the public for the first time since the sport was invented in 1823.
The first female officer to train at the Royal Military Academy in Sandhurst has been appointed.
A jewellers has been robbed at knifepoint.
Paul Stirling and James Robson hit centuries as Yorkshire beat Middlesex by eight wickets at Headingley.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was shot in the eye with a laser pen in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a psychiatrist has said.
The US economy added 155,000 jobs in May, a sharp slowdown from the previous month, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Ben McAnuff says he would consider leaving the Championship club when his contract expires at the end of the season.
The average number of steps a person takes in a country is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement, a study suggests.
The NHS 111 telephone service in England is facing a deficit of £26m, the health minister has said.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade knows the pressure on the club, according to the club's director of football Jim Dalman.
Online retailer Next has won a High Court battle with HM Revenue and Customs over a tax avoidance scheme that could have cost the firm more than £130m.
Banksy has been named as the winner of the South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A police officer who tackled a knife-wielding attacker who killed MP Jo Cox has been awarded a Victoria Cross.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he was "almost passed out" after being shown a scan showing a tumour in his back.
It could be days before we know exactly how long it will take for the operation to get under way.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Dundrod Grand Prix because of injury.
When I asked Cynthia what she thought about the carnage she'd just witnessed in Garissa, she couldn't tell me.
The price of carbon has fallen below 4.8 euros (Â£4.4) a tonne in the first trading day of the EU's carbon market.
Ghana's government has ordered a company to pay more than $2m (£1.2m) after it spent $1.3m on a new bus branding scheme.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in a deadly attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels last month, officials say.
The Hillsborough inquests into the deaths of 96 football fans have been opened and adjourned.
A forensic scientist who led searches for the remains of the Disappeared in the 1970s and 1980s has died.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
The mother of a baby who was treated for tonsillitis in the US has spoken of her "devastated" ordeal.
Malaysia's government has ordered the cancellation of a concert by pop star Rania Badu because of her tattoos.
A sea turtle which washed up on British shores last month has died.
It's been another busy year for me as England women's captain.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of Saracens full-back James Tomkins on a two-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jack Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Cumbria United manager Paul Cox says striker James Cook has turned down a new deal at Grimsby Town.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century put Lancashire in a commanding position against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says there is still "a lot of work to do" after their 3-0 series whitewash by Australia.
A baby panda cub has been born at Hong Kong's Ocean Park for the first time in more than a decade.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest has risen to 23, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing her boyfriend on a night out in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay more than £300,000 to the family of a girl who was seriously injured at birth.
A judge has criticised a council over its handling of the case of a boy who had sex with a 16-year-old girl.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a man who threatened to kill her have lost their appeal at the Supreme Court.
Facebook has been criticised in Belgium for failing to explain how it collects data on its users.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
NHS watchdogs in Wales have said they are "disappointed" that they have been described as "the best kept secret in Wales".
US TV network HBO has cancelled the second season of Sir Mick Jagger's musical Vinyl.
Childline Northern Ireland received a record number of calls from suicidal children last year, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £1m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Swimmer Michael Phelps won the 200m individual medley title in the fastest time of his career.
A firecracker was thrown at Metz goalkeeper Andre Lopes during the French club's 1-0 win over Lyon on Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash in Staffordshire.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new attempt to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
Baltimore Orioles fans have been locked out of their home game against the Baltimore Orioles due to protests over the death of a black man.
Transgender identity has become a big issue in many parts of the world.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether the country should remain in the European Union.
Two people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash on the A465 Hereford Road.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for £1.5m, the company's owner Derek McColl has announced.
It is a quiet town in the middle of the Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A man who threw a boy to the ground and told a Muslim girl she was a "whore" has been jailed for eight years.
Prison conditions in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were even a year ago, according to the Prison Trust.
A 40-year-old man has been charged after a number of drugs were stolen from a pharmacy in Belfast city centre.
Rescue workers searching for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in Aceh province in Indonesia say they have recovered more than 100 bodies.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 2-13 to 0-13 in the Division Three game at Corrigan Park.
A French woman has become the first person to be charged over air pollution in the capital, Paris.
Germany came from behind to beat Denmark and reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for transgender people.
A privacy campaigner is taking Facebook to the Irish High Court in a bid to force the social network to reveal how it transfers data to US spy agencies.
Birmingham City captain Joe Robinson has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to a number of properties in south-east London in a bid to rid them of pests.
Storms that hit Poland's Bialowieza forest have killed at least 20 people and destroyed habitats, officials say.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its budget to fund further education staff redundancies.
Forfar Athletic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a 4-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
The original interview notes of four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing academies, councils have said.
A review of the evidence for the benefits of statins, a cholesterol-lowering drug, suggests it may be safe and effective for some people.
Astronaut Tim Peake has become the first person in history to parachute into space.
Romania won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics by beating China in the men's team epee final.
The government is to introduce a tax on diesel cars as part of plans to tackle air pollution in the UK.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says it has been a "crazy 24 hours a day" trying to identify new players.
IOC president Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets about his decision to ban Russia from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions lock John Faull has died at the age of 90.
A decade of economic growth and a long history of affirmative action in India has produced a mixed picture.
Tiger Woods says he is "feeling good" about his recovery from back surgery, despite fears he may miss the rest of the season.
A woman has described the moment a man opened her door and was shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The man suspected of running the Silk Road drug marketplace has been arrested in Thailand.
David Fox scored twice as League Two promotion hopefuls Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield.
As England prepare for the final leg of the London Sevens, we take a look at some of the key players who will be part of the squad for next season's tour.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is confident his side can return to the top flight next season.
A hang glider pilot has been found dead in a nature reserve in Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Neil Morrison says the club's late goals have been "devastating" for the fans.
Zambia coach David Chambeshi believes his side have the strength and power to beat Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials ahead of a controversial election to elect new members of the National Assembly.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp on the outskirts of Paris.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service from closure.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car are to set up a centre for young people to learn about outdoor survival.
A garden dedicated to the late rock star Syd Barrett is to be unveiled next year, its designer has revealed.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino has condemned comments by presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte that a female missionary was raped while ministering in a prison.
Former prime minister John Major has called for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union "absolute rubbish".
A "self-timer" of the Bristol skyline has won a photography competition.
The number of enquiries about GCSE and A-level results in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to official figures.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the fourth quarter of the year, as demand for military aircraft continues to decline.
Coleraine rower Paul Cassells and Dan Scrimgeour have won the European Rowing Championships lightweight double sculls title.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Online universities could be offering full-blown degree courses online within five years, a leading provider of online courses has said.
Belfast Stakes won the race for the first time in his career with a comfortable victory at Aintree.
The Irish Travelling community may have been genetically isolated from settled people in the Republic of Ireland, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a stretch of road in Inverness which has been closed for more than a month has begun.
A 35-year-old man has been charged with murder after the bodies of a man and woman were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's European Triathlon Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, ahead of team-mates Tom Bishop and Phil Graves.
Birmingham City Museum is to reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
A bend in a Somerset valley has been restored after it was damaged by flooding last year.
Yemenia's national airline, Yemenia, has been ordered to pay compensation to the families of the victims of a plane crash in the Mediterranean in 2007.
Governor Bobby Jindal has said that Republicans who make weird noises during an election campaign should shut up.
Orlando City Women have signed former world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour leader Andy Murray has said his party is "back" after securing a majority in the general election.
Catalans Dragons have parted company with coach Philippe Frayssinous by mutual consent.
Twin Princesses Gabriella and Jacques have been born to the royal family in Monaco.
A sexual health clinic is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital to help women who have experienced sexual violence during labour.
Northern Ireland's Ben Smyth and Andy Reid missed out on the 200m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games as they both failed to qualify for the final in Glasgow.
More than 20 people have been arrested in a crackdown on far-right demonstrations on the M20 in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants should be liable for financial penalties if they help people evade tax, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in "crisis".
Nigel Farage should take a break as leader of UKIP, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum has signed off on the sale of its art collection to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Saudi Arabia is one of the wealthiest countries in the Arab world.
The number of children being bullied online in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
Plans for a supermarket in a Corn Exchange town centre have been agreed, subject to a contract worth £300,000.
When the prime minister said "opportunity" was at the heart of his election manifesto on Tuesday, he meant it was time for a change in the way schools are run.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among young people in England has risen sharply, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead after a crash in the final stage.
Viral video of a teenage boy being savagely punched to the ground by a gang of bullies has sparked outrage in the UK.
More than half of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to a new report.
The number of flights taking off from Prestwick Airport this summer is predicted to be the highest ever for a summer period, according to the airport's operator.
US tech giant Hewlett-Packard plans to cut 1,000 jobs over the next three years as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of times medics have to handover patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman in Oxford.
The former director of the Academy of Ancient Music, Christopher Vogwood, has died at the age of 87.
A lion cub rescued from a zoo in Saudi Arabia has been nursed back to health by staff.
George Osborne is to meet German finance ministers in Berlin later to discuss the UK's plans for reform of the EU.
An Australian company has been fined for causing the collapse of part of a sacred rock in a remote part of the country.
Retailers across the UK are gearing up for what they say will be a "frenzied" Black Friday.
A transgender woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has become the country's first female police officer.
GAA director general Michael Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the introduction of the All-Ireland Club Championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Glasgow.
A British company has developed a 3D-scan device that can be fitted to amputees' hands.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig believes manager Ronny Deila is to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most iconic stadiums in the world.
Wrexham striker Chris Morrell has been appointed manager of the League Two club on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
As the pound continues to fall sharply against the dollar, US fashion blogger David DeLeon says he is spending more money in the UK than ever before.
Civil servants are being asked to help secure the UK border ahead of a planned public sector strike, union bosses have said.
Olympic 10,000m silver medallist Nour Cheruiyot was beaten in the final of the Olympic trials in Rio, losing out to Egypt's Asamoah Almaz in the women's final.
The bodies of two men who died in a "flashover explosion" at an industrial site in Edinburgh have been recovered, police have said.
The US and UK have called for air drops on rebel-held areas of Syria to resume on Thursday, saying they are a "last resort to relieve human suffering".
Elite firms in the UK are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion have signed former Brighton midfielder Tom Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong.
A new partnership for people affected by rare diseases has been launched in Londonderry.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in Wisconsin will not face adult charges, a judge has ruled.
The US Army has given the go-ahead to work on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline.
Hungary's governing Fidesz party has held its final rally in the capital, Budapest.
Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a goods trailer from a dairy in Torfaen.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the sea off the western coast of Australia, according to local media.
In his speech at the Conservative Party conference, Boris Johnson said: "The European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three."
When Kailash Kohli was a 15-year-old student at Delhi University, he was told that he would have to work in a kung fu classroom.
The US has carried out air strikes on al-Shabab militants near the Somali capital, Mogadishu, the Pentagon says.
A stained glass window at a Cardiff church is to be repaired after it was damaged in a fire.
A man has been killed in a crash involving a car and a garden wall in Birmingham.
Pupils in England are to be tested for their grasp of the three Rs of maths, reading and writing.
British Gymnastics says it is investigating a video posted on social media in which former Strictly Come Dancing star Adam Smith appears to mock Islam.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to block the government's planned closure of the International Living Fund (ILF).
The UK-based outsourcing company G4S has reported a rise in pre-tax profits to £3.2bn in the first three months of the year.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during a wave of anti-government protests, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 superjumbo jets by a third.
The head of one of the UK's biggest firms has warned that the UK could go out of business if it left the European Union.
An illegal high rise in the Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The US investment fund, BlackRock, plans to cut about 100 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, according to reports.
When Daniel Dwyer was a teenager, he wanted to be a footballer.
Russia has been told to "dance on the table" and "sing a song" as part of efforts to reinstate its athletics federation.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after their ashes were mistakenly scattered at a family's home.
The director general of the BBC is to make an impassioned defence of the corporation at an event in Edinburgh later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors' leaders the chance to meet in a bid to resolve their long-running dispute.
Hamilton Academical came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund has been announced for projects in the north of England.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while eight months pregnant.
Italian police say they have arrested 18 people in a major cocaine smuggling operation.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will implement a controversial law aimed at reviving the country's economy.
A new code of conduct for police in Scotland has come into force.
A 79-year-old woman has been told she will have to dig up a road to install a landline.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful political leaders.
Designer Tommy Hilfiger has said he was "very unhappy" with a report that suggested Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
Casey Kasem's stepmother has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against his family, US media report.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been expelled from France after being arrested at a match in Barcelona.
Jammeh, the former leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, has been arrested on charges of embezzlement and misuse of public funds.
Theresa May has defended the government's decision to offer a guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock despite being sent off for the second time this season.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over St Johnstone.
South Africa have reached the quarter-finals of the men's rugby sevens at the Rio Olympics.
Google has added a new system to its website security system to stop people setting up automated bots.
Paralympic sprinter David Smyth says he is aiming to improve on his performance at the European Championships in Germany last month.
A fairytale castle cake and a number of other cakes have been stolen from a golf club after a party attended by Irish Gypsies.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been quizzed by MPs on the impact of Brexit on Wales.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain in Northern Ireland has been taken over.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack in London.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, Russian officials say.
Iraqi government forces have carried out a series of air strikes on Islamic State (IS) positions in the city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an Achilles injury.
Our Duke, ridden by Padraig Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the third year in a row as he finished second in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed yn ôl ym Môn wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo ymuno gyda thîm Cymru.
The number of NHS trusts in England rated as "outstanding" and "poor" has been cut by a third, the health secretary has announced.
A disabled man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two masked men in his home in Edinburgh.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
Iran is in the grip of a paylip scandal that has gripped the country for more than a year.
Wild bison have been rejected by rangers in the US national park in Yellowstone, Yellowstone National Park officials have said.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.6% in the year to March 2016, according to official figures.
More than 2,000 teaching assistants in Gloucestershire face being "driven into poverty and relying on food banks", the county council has said.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David McDiarmid on a two-year deal.
Former Argentine Fed Cup captain Martina Veronelli has stepped down as coach of British number one Heather Watson.
The attack on an aid convoy and hospital in the Syrian capital, Damascus, on Wednesday was the latest in a series of attacks on the ceasefire that was supposed to have come into force.
Two British pupils have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to "vive le Canada because we need you very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
"Twenty years ago, you would not have been considered an entrepreneur," says Mwangi Terry, the founder of one of Kenya's leading hair salons.
A GP accused of killing a 12-year-old boy by changing his genitalia was "curious" about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a wildlife centre in a Nottinghamshire forest have been branded "vital" by campaigners.
A letter sent to the US President George W Bush and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin during the Cold War is to be auctioned.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture thought to have been stolen from a temple in India.
A vintage train has arrived at a London airport for the first time in more than 100 years.
Two-time Ryder Cup captain Luke Donald says he decided to retire from golf at the age of 31 because of a lack of motivation.
In the early 20th Century, on the shores of Lake Superior in Camaguey province in the north-west of Cuba, a small fishing boat sank.
Voting is under way in council by-elections across England and Wales.
There will be 40,000 fewer cases of dementia in the UK over the next 20 years, according to new research.
Isle of Wight Council is to appeal to the High Court over a High Court decision to fine a father for taking his daughter on holiday in term time.
The family of a Dundee man who was known as "Santa's Little Helper" have said they are "proud" of him.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through the German city of Duisburg in support of Kurdish fighters fighting so-called Islamic State (IS).
Theresa May has set out her plans for a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" at the Conservative Party conference.
A Michigan football referee has died after being punched during a game in the city of Livonia, police say.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "brutal act of violence" in the US state of Indiana, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a young soldier to carry out a terror attack.
An Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a report that said 3,841 Muslims had been hired to teach yoga.
Scientists have measured the amplitude of the tides at the bottom of the Loch Ness loch.
The inquest into the Shoreham air crash which killed 11 people will not be held until 2017, it has been announced.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from cash machines in the Mersey area.
Pope Francis "destroyed" the unity of the Australian Catholic Church by failing to condemn child sexual abuse, a bishop has said.
Celtic are in talks with Manchester City over the potential signing of Manchester City midfielder Pat Roberts.
An animatronic robot that can travel at up to 5km/h (1mph) on a tank of diesel has been given the go-ahead by its inventor.
Smaller firms are more likely to be the victims of cyber attacks, according to a survey.
Pope Francis is due to make his first major trip to Africa this week.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said that if concrete tax measures had led to non-taxation, he would regret them.
Laura Muir has set a new Scottish record for the women's 4x400m relay.
Substitute Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to draw with Newcastle United.
Mark Cavendish said he was "proud" of his British team-mates as they won Olympic gold in the men's road race in Copenhagen.
It's been 20 years since pop group All Saints first appeared on the BBC's Top of the Pops.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares have been knocked out of the ATP World Tour Finals in the quarter-finals.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on the sale and supply of so-called legal highs is to be introduced in the UK, the government has announced.
As the National Football League (NFL) enters its final season, it is fair to say that Roger Goodell's tenure as the league's most powerful figure has come to an end.
A nurse who filmed himself raping patients in an accident and emergency department has been jailed for eight years.
Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal is to host next year's Irish Open.
Jack Leaning hit his first first-class half-century of the season to put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays farmers for their milk.
Hewlett-Packard (HPE) has apologised to users who may have been affected by an ink cartridge restriction.
The sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to Donald Sterling has been approved by a California judge, after the former NBA executive revoked his blessing.
A primary school has been forced to close because of a "perfect storm" of bugs.
More than 70,000 people in Wales are not registered to vote ahead of May's assembly election, the head of the Electoral Commission has said.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it is "as well prepared as any company can be" to deal with the risks of drilling in the Arctic.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was murdered just yards from her constituency.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "fierce punitive and deterring response" to stone-throwing in the wake of the death of a Russian tourist on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to ask the Supreme Court to consider a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of the St Abbs RNLI lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to take back their pagers.
Kumar Sangakkara hit his first century of the season to help Surrey get off to a winning start against Nottinghamshire.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun.
Bumblebees, chaffinches and goldfinches are struggling to find a suitable place to nest, according to a study.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Military Academy's officer cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears".
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahamadou from French club Le Havre for an undisclosed fee.
The US has warned that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) could be the most dangerous jihadist group in the world.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray hopes his side can build on their impressive start to the Six Nations.
A review of the tourism industry in Northern Ireland has called for a shake-up of the tourist industry.
"He was the best footballer in the world," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the coach of the Brazil football team playing in the World Cup in Rio de Janeiro.
A man arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs has been released on bail after testing positive for a new form of MDMA.
Rolling Stones frontman Sir Mick Jagger has said he "will never forget" his partner L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build 4,020 new homes on greenbelt land in York have been unveiled by the city council.
A radio station in Zimbabwe has gone out of business, its manager has said.
NHS England is being urged to ring-fence a £250m investment in children's mental health services, amid concerns some services are being cut.
The family of a teenager who will be singing alongside Jake Shakeshaft in the UK's Eurovision Song Contest are preparing to celebrate his success.
Salford Red Devils have re-signed Leeds Rhinos scrum-half Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when we ask you what you want to do with your life.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by women in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials after a policeman attacked a US diplomat in Moscow, the Pentagon has said.
Ben Stokes hit a century as England beat India by eight wickets in the second one-day international to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
A police force has been criticised over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has a "responsibility to investigate effectively the circumstances of the death and punish those responsible", a senior European official has said.
As part of the BBC's Disability Works series, we take a look at the technology that could change the way we interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State militant group.
Britain's Chris Scott won his second World Cup windsurfing gold medal of the season with victory in the men's 470 in Palma, Italy.
The 100th anniversary of the freedom of Yeovil Naval Base has been marked with a parade.
A man whose car was stolen has said he has been told the police investigation is closed.
For the past five years, Kechara Wong has been helping the poor in Malaysia.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing Nigeria's education system.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a "manmade disaster" that could and should have been prevented, Japan's nuclear accident watchdog has concluded.
Football Association chief executive Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June.
NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals for the first time in their history.
Wolves striker Rhys Coady is determined to take the pressure off his former club Liverpool when they meet at Anfield on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar has been closed after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man who ate a fish won at a fair has been banned from owning animals for three years.
Albania have been banned from their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade after Uefa's decision to penalise them for crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest oil company.
Wrexham suffered a 2-0 defeat away to Wrexham in their first pre-season friendly.
Pakistan have been given permission to play two Test series in India in March and April.
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison has called on manager Gary Rowett to "get his teeth between his teeth" after his side were beaten at home on Saturday.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has said he will form a government that will "save the nation" after the Senate voted to suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient river in China may have been the source of one of the world's most famous myths, according to a new study.
A Florida teenager has been charged with fraud and theft after allegedly posing as a medical doctor to seek treatment for stomach pain.
Rafael Nadal is one of the greatest tennis players of all time.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports season has ended with a record number of skier days, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been jailed for seven years after being convicted of drug dealing offences.
Lancashire captain James Giles says his side are "far from safe" after a poor start to the season.
A man who raped and robbed a woman in Leicester has been jailed for life.
Cornwall's hopes of retaining the Challenge Cup at Twickenham are "not perfect" by any stretch of the imagination, says director of rugby Dai Dawe.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students get home safely from the University of Texas.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state property to the new president.
Donald Trump has said he will rebuild the US "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Former Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 74, his family has confirmed.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in the Highlands.
The Northern Ireland Attorney General has failed in his attempt to invoke his powers to appeal against a High Court ruling on gay marriage.
The Labour leadership race could be "crippled" by claims non-members of the party have been denied a vote, the party has said.
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight because he was black says they will sue the airline.
The killing of an Aberdeen man by the UK military was a "targeted, what's called extra-judicial killing", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
The Welsh Amateur Boxing Association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify for public money, auditors have said.
Three Edinburgh schools have been temporarily closed over safety concerns.
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking a Bayer contraceptive pill has launched a civil case against the company.
A new escalator has been installed at one of London's busiest Tube stations in a bid to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related diseases such as mesothelioma are to be eligible for compensation under new government plans.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of murder.
The US House of Representatives has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Australian artist Betty Churcher has died at the age of 91.
The ratings agency Moody's has changed its position on the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime are to go on trial in absentia for crimes against humanity.
Richard Oz, the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey international Jake and Kodi Smith for a month to help the Green Lions play in a pre-season friendly.
There is no threat to law-abiding, hard working Polish, Hungarian, other EU citizens working in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store.
A football fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling of a Norwich City dressing room.
The Home Office has begun the process of deporting more than 100 workers who worked in takeaway restaurants across the UK.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Mark Webber crashed out of the race.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been appointed by the county's police and crime commissioner.
Northern Ireland's Michael Irivine has won the men's featherweight title at the European Championships in Kiev.
Olympic skip Dave Brewster has secured his place at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead.
Donegal will face Galway in the final round of the All-Ireland qualifiers at Croke Park on Saturday.
There has been a lot of speculation about when the UK will hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union.
The House of Commons has heard the phrase "don't tell 'em Pike" during Prime Minister's Questions.
Derby County striker Christian Bent has urged his team-mates to take their chances of reaching the Championship play-offs with confidence.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment, from the Grammys to the Oscars.
Partick Thistle fought back from a goal down to draw with Ross County at Firhill.
Dozens of people have been forced to leave their homes in the eastern Ukrainian city of Voronezh as shelling continues.
One of the largest Roman mosaics ever found is to be made available for sale, the city's mayor has said.
Voters in Scotland overwhelmingly support giving Holyrood full control of income tax, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner, Dr Ibrahim Adesina, has been awarded the US $250,000 (Â£200,000) prize for his work on improving food security in rural Africa.
An armed police officer has been suspended from duty after he was spotted carrying a handgun in a train carriage.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to be the strongest on record in 2016, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Scientists in the US say they have made the first attempt to grow a kidney out of a rat.
A US university has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apple.
A steam train is set to run between Cumbria and Yorkshire for the first time.
If you want to start your own Couch to 5K Challenge just like Anna, you can do it.
A conservation charity is seeking £2m in funding to create a national marine centre in North Berwick.
Passenger exit checks are to be introduced on Eurotunnel, P&O Ferries and the Channel Tunnel, the government has announced.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has won gold at the European Gymnastics Championships for the first time in her career.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ryan Pearce from Latics for an undisclosed fee.
Comedian Graham McPherson has said he was "really happy" to be involved in the refurbishment of Hastings Pier.
An Australian court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of his ex-wife in a cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation "lost the plot" over a £1m pay-off to a senior executive.
Kilmarnock were held to a goalless draw by Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premiership.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to beat Northern Ireland 1-0 in their Euro 2016 warm-up.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead in a Liverpool pub.
Former Rangers captain Lee Ferguson says he is "not stupid enough" to say he is ready to manage Rangers.
Italy's Senate speaker has suspended two centre-right senators after they were reported to have gestured towards a female colleague during a debate.
Israel has asked Australia to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged passports in a murder plot in Dubai.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to life in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
More than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea's capital, Lae, police say.
England won the Women's Six Nations for the first time in four years with a comfortable victory over Ireland.
At least 15 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Sunni Muslim clerics in northern Lebanon, officials say.
All Girl Guides in England and Wales will no longer be required to swear a religious oath, following a consultation.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested in Dover has more than doubled in a year, figures show.
"Gibraltarpedia" is about to be launched in Gibraltar.
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star David Wright is in talks to take over struggling Isthmian League sideillericay Town, according to the club's chairman.
Bradford and Rochdale played out a goalless draw in the League One play-off semi-final.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was seriously injured when a forklift truck hit him in the leg.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, according to a new report.
Education should be centralised across the country to tackle a skills shortage, former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said.
The ancestors of some of Europe's earliest farmers are the closest ancestors of present-day Basques, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's almost time to get ready for the new year!
Wales will be better off having a Labour prime minister than a Tory, the party's leader in Wales has said.
A new post-16 college is to open in Deeside, Flintshire.
Burnley have signed striker Danny Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, best known for his role as a teacher in a popular children's TV show in the 1960s, has died at the age of 86.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Steve Duffy as their new head coach.
The widower of a woman who died after suffering postpartum psychosis has said his wife's death could have been avoided.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal striker Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
France has ordered "special security measures" in response to the publication of controversial Charlie Hebdo cartoons, which have caused outrage in the Muslim world.
When Magda Tilli and her husband, Miguel, decided to start their own business in Lisbon in the early summer of 2013, they had no idea what they would end up with.
Sherlock Holmes has opened a new maze in London called Maze.
Apple's refusal to help unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the Middle East has said.
Florida has declared a state of emergency in a river polluted with toxic blue-green algae.
The director of BBC One drama Broadchurch has confirmed there will be no more episodes.
Five people who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Disneyland are to have their legs amputated, it has been announced.
The Ospreys will review the succession plans of head coach Lee Johnson after he left the region by mutual consent, says director of rugby Steve Hore.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Bath fly-half Tom Abendanon says he has changed his mind on playing for England because of a ban on domestic players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a survey commissioned by the government.
It's that time of year again when we ask you who you think is the greatest boxer in history.
The City of London's special representative to the European Union has described the French government as a "bad cop" over Brexit.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took charge of the team at Euro 2012, he was told he would have to hitch-hike with some German fans.
Goals from Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara helped Leeds beat Burton Albion at Elland Road.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 75 not out as Nottinghamshire beat Durham by seven wickets in the T20 Blast.
A man who raised more than Â£100,000 for cancer patients in Yemen has said he is "devastated" by the plight of an 11-year-old girl who is being treated in Paris.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles says his side are not good enough in one-day cricket after their 5-0 defeat by Worcestershire.
A row has broken out over the replacement of a lifeboat coxswain.
Scientists have discovered the earliest embryos of a new species of dinosaur.
Northern Ireland have qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time since 1958.
The death of a newborn baby by midwives at a hospital in North Yorkshire was the result of a "simultaneous failure of a great many systems at almost every level", an inquiry has found.
A campaign manager for Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a Washington Post reporter at a rally in Florida.
Land Rover has long been known for its rugged off-road vehicles.
A mother accused of drowning her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud following a by-election in which the Conservatives lost a seat.
The Dismaland exhibition is to be moved to a refugee camp in northern France after it was donated to a charity.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has been banned from all sport for three years by the Spanish government for failing a drugs test.
A US aircraft carrier that was due to arrive in the Western Pacific earlier this month has failed to arrive, the Pentagon has said.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a County Londonderry man.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said some of the county's police stations are in need of major refurbishment.
Serbia's Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Masters with a 6-2 6-3 win over Czech Republic's Lukas Rosol.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events.
Stoke City manager Lee Collins says the club's interest in Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford is proof of the quality of young players in England's academies.
The son of former Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has been charged in connection with the discovery of a weapons arsenal off the coast of the country.
Australia's most popular politician, Peter Katter, has been criticised for releasing a video in which he appears to shoot dead two people at a gay nightclub.
NHS England is to limit the number of patients in England who can be given a new drug that will cost £20m a year, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark scored the only goal of the game as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford City.
A charity has called for urgent action to prevent people slipping through the safety net of social security.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Northampton Town manager Steve Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One side Stourbridge is the club's biggest achievement.
Lyon and Besiktas played out a tense Europa League first-round tie at Lyon's Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium, with both teams banned from the pitch.
Savers who have more than £100,000 in savings in their accounts may not be able to receive compensation, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Norwich City have signed former Bournemouth and Norwich City midfielder David Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Wales Under-20 secured their first win of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Italy.
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of a man in Dublin more than 20 years ago have begun a search of a site in the Republic of Ireland.
Arsenal and Boreham Wood have signed a new three-year deal to play at the Hive Stadium.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its £3.7m kit sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1's governing body has failed to reach an agreement on the controversial double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he would be "devastated" if Britain were to leave the European Union.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says the club's Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Saracens could be the catalyst to kick on in the Premiership.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Three brothers have pleaded guilty to a number of drugs offences, including possession of cocaine with intent to supply, in Belfast.
Yahoo is considering bringing its news briefing app to wearables, a teenager has told the BBC.
Liverpool goalkeeper Roberto Firmino is set to return to action for the first time since suffering a knee injury in the 1-0 defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen's distinctive Norfolk accent is "very reassuring", her cousin has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of holding staff hostage at a bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder following a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming's performance director Mark Scott has resigned after a review found he failed to meet Olympic targets.
Michael Phelps won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 200m individual medley at the World Aquatics Championships in Beijing.
A seven-year-old boy from Pembrokeshire has applied for the England manager's job.
A Conservative MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act in England and Wales.
England's Mark Davis has been knocked out of the World Championship qualifiers in the first round of qualifying.
A 30-year-old man has been raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after they received a distress call from the coastguard in Aberdeenshire.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after it became stuck in a chair.
The owners of a zoo in Ceredigion have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of so-called Islamic State's most senior propagandists, has been killed in an air strike in Syria, the group says.
A man has been jailed for killing his ex-partner at a railway station in Dorset.
A woman has been killed in a collision between a bus and a wall in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in the Isle of Man.
Ferrari driver Valtteri Bottas is set to join Williams next season as Jenson Button looks set to leave the team.
British actor Julian Moore has revealed how he approached Sean Connery about the role of Bond's secret agent.
Tens of thousands of older people in Scotland are facing delays in getting care they need, according to a charity.
Rabbit and hares are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, according to experts.
Four people have admitted selling more than 750 cockerpoo puppies to unsuspecting buyers for up to £300,000.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after being arrested as part of an EU investigation.
Amazon has launched a subscription-based streaming service called Prime Video in the UK.
Online booking firms have been allowed to offer discounts on hotel rooms, under new conditions set out by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell sharply after results from mining giant Glencore and South African financial services group Old Mutual.
Triple J has banned Taylor Swift's track Shake It Off from its list of the 100 most popular songs of 2014.
Leeds Rhinos director of rugby Steve Carter says the club have been given six months' notice to take back ownership of the Kingspan Stadium.
Prince William has said he takes royal duty "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to return to action for the start of the 2015 NFL season.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast while flirting with her has been struck off.
A council has said it is "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre.
The Russian consul in Greece has been found dead in his apartment in Athens.
Renault has told Formula 1 bosses not to count on it as a supplier of an engine.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a major department store or a department store be the preferred site for the BBC's new headquarters in the city centre.
A man and a woman have been rescued after getting stuck in a tree.
A number of businesses in the West Midlands have been targeted by thieves who have broken into their premises.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has said that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to host a special one-off special for children in need.
The UK will not impose tariffs on goods bought from developing countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run for the first time in her life.
A bomb attack on the National Security Service (NDS) building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed at least seven people, officials say.
China is one of the world's most unaffordable markets for young people.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in his Nottinghamshire home.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been condemned by the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF).
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors have been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies at the club.
Working until you can no longer afford it has become a reality in many parts of the world.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
The European Championships for blind and visually-impaired judo fighters will be held in Wolverhampton in September.
Stafford's County Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Vern Cotter has accepted Gregor Townsend's decision to leave the Scottish Rugby Union.
A German data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over users' data to its parent company, WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry is to appear in a special of the US sitcom Friends in February, his spokeswoman has confirmed.
Wales football fans have praised their team after they were knocked out of the European Under-21 Championship.
More than 20 mosques across Britain are to open their doors to the public to mark the first visit by Muslims since the Paris attacks.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation over the England job.
G20 leaders have warned that a UK exit from the EU would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy.
A soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Iraq says he is struggling to cope with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican Donald Trump has sparked a firestorm after suggesting that Democratic rival Hillary Clinton would abolish the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched an election campaign targeting Liberal Democrat MPs who voted to scrap tuition fees.
The UK's new anti-slavery commissioner says he is "extremely concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Older women are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their younger counterparts, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters in Istanbul and Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of this year.
The BBC should have a dedicated dedicated books programme, according to the author Richard Harris.
The chief of staff to a Conservative MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says the club's new 4G surface will help them "find their feet" during their pre-season campaign.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the general election on 8 June.
A hospital in Los Angeles has been hit by a ransomware attack demanding a ransom of $17,000 (£15,000).
British Badminton rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" after suffering a traumatic brain injury during last year's event, organisers have said.
The brother of an Australian aid worker killed in Syria has said his brother's death was the worst day of his life.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a Commons committee to examine the future of the Clerk of the House.
A teenager from Orkney has become the first person to be born on an air ambulance flight in more than 40 years.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said the assassination of Osama bin Laden was an "assassination attempt".
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about Kenya's wildlife chief David Leakey.
Family Guy is getting a new home on the BBC.
Wreaths are to be laid across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has said he is "delighted" to be reappointed as the new Scottish secretary.
Sir Paul McCartney is the richest person in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former Conservative MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 71.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side "fought everything" to beat Middlesex and win the Division One title.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney knew the size of the Scottish government's budget last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said there are "a number of police investigations" into claims Jimmy Savile sexually abused women.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United counterpart Paul Pogba have been involved in a heated exchange on the pitch.
David Goodwin says he is not retiring from management after taking himself out of the Alloa Athletic team.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions.
Further tests will be carried out on a man who died from measles, Public Health Wales has said.
A teenager accused of plotting to bomb the home of Labour MP Jo Cox has said he did not think her killers should be killed.
MPs have voted to allow the government to trigger the process of leaving the European Union.
There are "sensible things" that can be done to tackle the rise in business rates, a Labour MP has said.
Dover's National League play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Firefighters at Alton Towers have described the rescue of a teenage girl and her boyfriend on a rollercoaster as the "most technical rescue they have ever done".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into alleged currency manipulation in the foreign exchange market.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
The number of drivers caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Wales has fallen by more than a third in a week.
A man has been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m was found in County Antrim.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would allow Crimea to become a new "subject" of Russia.
Scotland's Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in teacher numbers but warned there are still "significant challenges" to tackling the attainment gap.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a self-loading pistol and ammunition at his home.
China is to open its first unisex public toilet in the country's capital, Beijing, in November, state media report.
The treason investigation into two German journalists has sparked a debate about what journalists can and can't publish.
The International Space Station (ISS) is being used to carry out some of the world's most important scientific research.
Leeds United captain Michael Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has made the club more solid.
Plans for a new stand at Hearts have been submitted to the Scottish Football Association.
In Brilon, a small town on the edge of the Rhine-Westphalia border, Angela Merkel is holding a rally.
Vladimir Putin's top adviser on Ukraine has warned that the country could be plunged into chaos if the US does not intervene.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a car at a farm in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh assembly has the power to set minimum wages for agricultural workers.
Liam Payne has thanked fans for sticking with One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed into law a controversial bill which would allow women to terminate pregnancies at any time.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of foreign aid.
Middlesbrough have signed Kristoffer Christensen from Fulham for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Former Miami Dolphins running back Michael Konrad has died after his boat capsized in the Atlantic Ocean.
Northern Ireland's police and crime commissioner has said a deal to deal with the legacy of the Troubles is "not good enough".
A special day is being held to mark the 50th anniversary of John Lennon's first appearance at Liverpool's Cavern Club.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the second round of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
Thailand's Supreme Court has filed a criminal case against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, after the introduction of a stone tablet in Downing Street.
Plans for a new education campus in the Borders have been submitted to the council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his roles as Widow Twanky and Little and Large, has died at the age of 91.
Championship strugglers Crawley recorded their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over League Two side Leyton Orient.
The family of a boy with autism have said they are "devastated" after an iPad was stolen from his home.
A weaker pound and a softer domestic market are likely to slow growth in the UK's economy in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A charity has launched a series of guided walking tours of Edinburgh in a bid to bring the city to a standstill.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at a prison in Milton Keynes have lost a judicial review.
We want to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal in May 2015.
Comic book film The Dark Knight Rises has received mixed reviews from critics, with some calling it "humourless" and "overlong".
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts to be announced for this year's Bestival festival have been announced by organisers.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with mining shares the biggest fallers.
More than 11,000 athletes failed to pass drugs tests at Rio 2016, according to a damning report.
A group representing Muslims in the US has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester.
The chairman of one of China's biggest clothing companies, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing, the company has said.
The BBC has a reputation for keeping secrets.
An electronic drug prescribing system should be brought in in Wales, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a sharp fall in half-year revenues and warned that cost savings will be "very hard" to achieve.
A group which runs steam locomotives in the Highlands has said it needs to build a new crossing.
Germany is preparing for a Brexit that would be "cataclysmic" for the European Union and cataclysmic for the rest of Europe.
A nurse who sent "sexually explicit and degrading" messages to colleagues has been struck off.
A new musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has been criticised by music industry figures for failing to protect the rights of songwriters and musicians.
A woman who was tricked into sending a scam email asking for £50,000 from her solicitor has said she is "devastated" by the attack.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs.
Chile has summoned Venezuela's foreign minister to discuss the detention of a prominent Venezuelan journalist.
Dogs should be banned from beaches and play areas in Worcestershire, according to a survey.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
More than 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans are being sought for the unveiling of a new centre dedicated to the service.
Drivers are being warned to take extra care ahead of the busy Easter weekend in Wales.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry, German police say.
Sussex all-rounder Chris Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England slumped to a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the first Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a woman stabbed to death at a school in Wigan.
Nicola Sturgeon has praised Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood for her leadership qualities.
Police have appealed for information after a security guard was racially abused on a train in North Lanarkshire.
A court in India's western Gujarat state has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for her role in the 2002 communal riots.
Police in Bangladesh say they have identified nine of the men who carried out a deadly raid on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor has been cleared to fight Floyd Mayweather at 154lbs in Las Vegas.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to hand over customer details in a copyright infringement case.
Wigan Warriors scrum-half Luke Flower has been banned for six months for an elbow attack in the Super League win over Catalans Dragons.
Nasa is planning to send humans to Mars in 2020.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell 5% after the company reported a drop in fourth-quarter profits.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's planning committee has postponed a planned vote on building more than 1,000 new homes in the occupied West Bank.
Dirk Kluivert Sr's 90th-minute goal gave Ajax victory over Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK property transactions fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the League One club.
Oscar-nominated La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice prize for best film at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have set a new world record for the largest serving of naan bread.
Edinburgh is set to mark the centenary of the Battle of Jutland with a series of events, including a flypast in honour of the Queen.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for six years for raping and sexually abusing five teenage girls.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to former leader Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan is considering moving its European operations out of London, according to reports.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the T44 men's 100m at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Overfeeding babies and young children may increase their risk of becoming overweight or obese, research suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it is "deeply disappointed" by the DUP's actions in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
A woman who lost her mother to breast cancer has called the treatment available on the NHS in Scotland "barbaric".
Tranmere boosted their National League play-off hopes with a thumping 4-1 win at Dover.
Blackpool fans have been told they can take legal action against a fan who criticised the club on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome won the penultimate stage of the Tour de France as he retained the leader's yellow jersey after a thrilling finish in Chantilly.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Motherwell manager Peter Naysmith has praised Dom Thomas for joining Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan from Motherwell.
Three men arrested in connection with the murder of Michael McIlhagga have been released on bail.
The Coastguard has begun an initial survey of the structure of the grounding of the oil rig Deep Sea Horizon.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a collection of World War Two medals from his home.
A ban on fireworks displays in back gardens could lead to job losses and job losses, an MP has warned.
Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are engaged in a war of words over immigration.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s has made a complaint to the Archbishop of York.
Jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing being held on Good Friday, the chief executive of the British Horseracing Authority has said.
A campaign group has called for more women to be given the chance to take up public roles in Wales.
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil says he is keen to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A Tunisian man who was one of the Paris attackers has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a 12-year-old girl who has a lot of anxiety.
Two bottles of whisky found on the Isle of Canna could be added to the collection of the Scottish National Trust, it has been claimed.
A Mesolithic encampment in Amesbury, near Stonehenge, is the "latest dated Mesolithic site in the UK", an archaeologist has said.
Leaving the European Union would cost every UK household £850 a year in the short term, according to a think tank.
Leeds United dropped out of the Championship play-off places as they were beaten by Wolves at Elland Road.
The Hunger Games actress Lena Dunham has written an essay about her decision to end a pay dispute with Sony Pictures.
A 17-year-old boy is in a stable condition in hospital after his boat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton.
One of the world's most famous glaciers may be disintegrating, according to a new study.
The BBC Sport website looks at some of the biggest stories of the year so far.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest convicted of leaking confidential documents to the media.
The first openly gay character in a Star Trek film, Hikaru Sulu, will be introduced in the new film Star Trek Beyond.
The results of the UK general election have been published.
Benefit claimants will be assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they are fit to work, the work and pensions secretary has said.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would resign if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Harriers.
A former civil servant in Myanmar has admitted buying a fake PhD degree from a fake university.
There is a "significant risk" to the health of a former soldier who fired a rubber bullet in west Belfast, a coroner has said.
Today at Wimbledon will return to its original format, the BBC has announced.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" after a flood defence wall collapsed.
A County Down solicitor has admitted defrauding a bank out of more than £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game as Manchester United came from behind to beat 10-man Hull City.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Joachim Pomsel, one of the last surviving members of the Nazi party, has died at the age of 106.
Nato says it is "very concerned" by Russia's alleged violation of its airspace over Syria.
Leon Britton has been hailed as a "brilliant idea" by Swansea City after he helped the club reach the Premier League play-offs.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after suffering blood poisoning at a hospital in Surrey was not given the "best chance" of survival, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office.
Curzon has been awarded an award by the Bafta Film Awards for its "outstanding contribution to cinema".
Barrow manager Keith Cowley says his side are "living in cloud cuckoo land" after their 1-0 win over Braintree.
World number one Angelique Kerber eased past Dominika Cibulkova to reach the second round of the WTA Finals in New York.
The government has backed plans to sell more than 816,000 council homes to help fund the building of more affordable social housing.
Guernsey won their second table tennis gold medal of the 2015 Island Games in Gotland.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, helped by a rise in shares in ITV and Easyjet.
Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
Former Apprentice winner Lord Sugar has called for a series of The Apprentice to be broadcast on the BBC.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a serious head injury.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man in Leeds.
At least 52 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer who was jailed for assaulting his girlfriend has had his sentence suspended for 18 months.
Five Grade I listed churches in Herefordshire and Shropshire have been awarded grants to complete repairs.
Syrian government forces have dropped chlorine gas on rebel-held areas of the city of Aleppo, reports say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's doubles gold at the Rio Olympics.
Meet Arthur the dog who loves to explore.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been welcomed to Canada by the governor general of the Canadian province of Ottawa.
New incubators are to be fitted to Wales Air Ambulance's new helicopter to help save the lives of newborn babies.
An eagle has made himself well and truly at home in the nest of a baby chick he fledged at a Perthshire nature reserve.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been named as the new patron of the charity behind BBC One's Broadchurch.
In the wake of the deaths of two children in a car crash, it is important to consider the impact of the incident on the company.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Former world number one Charl Schwartzel has been named as the new ambassador for The Grove Golf Club.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says the club are in talks with former Watford centre-back Anders Lindegaard.
Imagine you are on your way to the Monaco Grand Prix.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US officials say.
A man accused of the murder of a drug dealer in Rhyl has told a court he banged its handle on the car window of the victim's car.
Plans to redevelop a former gay bar into flats have been approved by Tower Hamlets Council.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has reprimanded three Irish boxers for placing bets on boxing contests at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A cabinet minister has announced he will stand for Parliament in the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Anne Biles reflects on her experiences during World War Two.
Head teachers at a Lincolnshire primary school have been offered a 'duvet day' to help recruit and retain staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to withdraw from the Rio Paralympics.
A Powys school has offered to take over the running of its library.
Japan has been hit by its largest earthquake in more than a decade, with strong shaking at the same time as a powerful earthquake that struck Kumamoto Castle.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has been charged with stealing more than £572,000 from a company in Northern Ireland.
A new community centre has been officially opened in Llandaff.
A human rights group has called for an independent investigation into the deaths of civilians in Nato air strikes in Libya last year.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo massacre has been cancelled due to security concerns.
A new vertical pier is to be built in a County Durham seaside town.
Britain's Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the men's half marathon at the Lisbon Marathon.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has said the cessation of hostilities in Syria will be the focus of direct talks on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested after a knife was thrown at a man in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its policy of barring women from combat roles in the US military.
When Pope Benedict stepped down last month, it was one of two surprise surprises.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod cynghorau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gweithwyr.
A fire engine that failed to respond to a blaze in Suffolk has been blamed for a 15-minute delay in its arrival.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take "a few risks" when they face New Zealand in the second Test in Auckland on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's first-half strike earned Tranmere a 1-0 victory over Dover.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers earned Grimsby a 2-0 win over League Two strugglers Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi amid a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes and places of worship of Aum Shinrikyo cultists in St Petersburg, officials say.
Olympic champion Grace Sumgong won her second gold medal of the Rio Games as her team-mate Tufa Kirwa finished fourth.
An 80-year-old Scottish man has been reunited with the car he drove in the Kildrummy Rally.
Britain's Lizzie Pavey won gold in the women's 5,000m at the World Championships in London.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has resigned following a spike in applications for the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
When millionaire Peter Morgan strangled his ex-partner to death at his home in Newport in January 2016, he had no idea she had Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia international Phillip Hughes.
Mae achos bod Pesticcio yn euog o achosi marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus a hanner ddydd Gwener.
Millwall secured their place in the League One play-off final with victory over Bradford City at The Den.
A fly-tipper who dumped thousands of tonnes of rubbish on the side of a road has been fined.
A new species of fish-sized gecko has been discovered in Germany.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of mobile chips, has been fined $1.5bn (£1.6bn) by China's anti-monopoly regulator.
Renard has been named as the new coach of Morocco at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Gordon Strachan is the best left-back in the country, despite not being included in the Scotland squad.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has been released as a single on the iTunes chart.
The proportion of young people taking A-levels in local authorities in England is at its lowest level since records began, analysis suggests.
ITV1 soap Emmerdale has been named best new drama at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants have been found in the grounds of a former cinema in Dumfries and Galloway.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called on the home secretary to intervene in the case of a student being deported from the UK.
A Cardiff vocational training college is being investigated by the police after allegations of fraud involving prospective students.
A Canadian man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to smuggle drugs into the US from Canada, officials say.
A section of rocket wreckage found off the coast of Tresco has been identified as that of the US space company SpaceX.
The mother of murdered six-year-old Caylee Anthony has spoken for the first time since she was found guilty of her daughter's murder in 2011.
South Korea says it has paid wages to thousands of North Koreans who worked at its Kaesong industrial complex for more than a decade.
Premier League club Manchester City have been fined £1,000 for failing to update their training information.
A nursery worker has appeared in court accused of raping a boy at the nursery where he worked, police said.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas finances, according to the BBC's Money Advice Service.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand after a night out has said she is lucky to have it back.
Gary Neville has accepted the role of Valencia assistant coach to Pako Ayestaran.
A two-year-old dog is recovering after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, is proposing to raise the retirement age for state workers to 67.
Bath have signed second-row forward James Devonian on loan until the end of the season.
Ned's Marianne Vos won the Best British Rider title in the Women's Tour of Britain.
The M4 in Lurgan has reopened following a two-vehicle crash on Monday morning.
The winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 awards will be announced later.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended its decision to appoint a former BBC journalist as its new press secretary.
Bonfire Night in Stirling has been described as "unsafe" by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Stan Wawrinka and Kei Nishikori are among the world's most successful men's tennis stars.
A search is under way for the remains of a village in Gower.
Scarlets moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
As the Syrian government prepares to launch a major offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the country, there is growing concern that Iran may be involved in the conflict.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after the second round of the BMW PGA Championship in Paris.
It's easy to forget that the general election is a race against time.
Pembrokeshire and Swansea are in the running to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021.
The sale of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) to Blackrock marks the beginning of the end for the taxpayer's stake in the bank.
Tens of thousands of people in China have been forced to flee their homes as Typhoon Chan-hom sweeps across the country.
Scientists have created a new type of DNA that can co-operate with its natural counterparts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at Kenya's political crisis.
Forty-five people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota for protesting against the construction of a controversial oil pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days while foraging for vegetables has been found safe and well.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Parkinson says he is "bouncing and buoyed up and elated" by the support and support he has received since carrying the Olympic flame.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is enjoying the challenge of playing in League Two after missing his family.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a Teesside street.
US authorities say they have broken up a massive drug trafficking ring in Arizona.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2019, according to a new report.
A woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have launched an offensive to retake western Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS), officials say.
Chinese investment firm Fosun has raised its bid for Portuguese healthcare group ESS.
"You can't cure your cancer through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke's maiden first-class century put Worcestershire in a strong position against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
Saracens captain James Barritt says the Premiership is the "most competitive domestic league in the world".
A millionaire was unlawfully killed by his wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy week on the front pages of Northern Ireland's newspapers.
The story of William Shakespeare is one of Shakespeare's most famous works.
A Vietnamese woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eyes for the first time in more than two months.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yng Nghymru.
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Plans for an all-year holiday park in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Mario Rato has gone on trial in Madrid on charges of embezzlement.
A statue of jockey AP McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham to mark his 20th appearance at the Festival.
The former leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), William Smith, has died at the age of 74.
Russia's cycling team has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics despite a doping scandal.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has visited Egypt to reaffirm her support for the country's transition to democracy.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of a water treatment works in Bedfordshire.
Nato has condemned Russia's decision to send missiles to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad in the Baltic Sea.
Worcester Warriors have signed centre Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United came from behind to earn a point against Newport County in the League Two play-off semi-final.
A new digital consultation system has been launched to allow students to spend up to three years in the GP consultation room.
A documentary about the transition from film to digital formats has been released by Keanu Reeves, the director of The Dark Knight and The Elephant Man.
A bird has captured a rare photograph of itself peering into a camera lens at a railway station.
Leeds United head coach Massimo Cellino says he will buy a bus to allow players to stay together in the event of a home game.
A former Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion retailer H&M has announced plans to open more stores in London and other European cities.
A competition to find the world's heaviest tomato has been launched in Harrogate.
A children's website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Awards for the first time.
Paris St-Germain won the French title for the first time in their history with a 4-1 win over Nacional in the final round of fixtures.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of the UK's banks against a new global financial crisis.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma midfielder Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M25 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack in North Lanarkshire.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot and kill US President-elect Donald Trump has said she is "frightened" by his guilty plea.
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of its new news app, Apple News.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have been assaulted by police, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire broke out in a wheelie bin.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts near the border with Afghanistan.
The White House has been ordered to release the names of visitors it has hosted at Donald Trump's New York resort.
Here's a look at some of the new species discovered in the Mekong Delta region of South East Asia.
A man who forced his way into a woman's home and sexually assaulted her has been jailed for five years.
Scientists have developed a way to "hack" the nerves of the nervous system to help treat type-1 diabetes.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorcyclist in east London.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a 69-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than two weeks.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has said Labour is in "no shape" to assume power after Labour lost two thirds of its shadow cabinet.
One of the UK's largest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has announced that it will not make a takeover offer.
Michael Keatley scored a dramatic drop-goal as Edinburgh came from behind to beat Munster in a thrilling Pro12 encounter at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Booker fell after reports that the supermarket is in talks with a rival over a possible merger.
Gas prices have risen sharply in the wake of the Ukraine crisis, which has caused major disruptions across Europe.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to design the 'halo' chassis for their 2017 cars.
Lithium salts have been shown to prolong the lives of fruit flies, a study suggests.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in the UK are to be moved to a temporary home, the BBC understands.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, opposition leader Carlos Isturiz has said.
Premiership Rugby's proposed 10-month off-season has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA).
Forecasters have issued a yellow "be aware" warning for severe weather in Northern Ireland.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, has said she will never forget the 219 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in 2014.
Glamorgan dominated the second day of their County Championship match against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been found dead in a street in London's Hyde Park.
A passenger ferry has been withdrawn from service on the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan failed.
In the wake of the Savile scandal, the BBC's Alison Smith has written to the Metropolitan Police's head of sexual offences to express her dismay at the decision to drop a rape case.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it has "turned the page" in its row with Tunisia.
England were knocked out of the World Cup in the quarter-finals as they were beaten by France at Twickenham.
Teenage taekwondo player Luke Jones has been selected to represent Great Britain at the European Championships in Austria in June.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a US judge to be given a longer jail term for sexual assault.
A new visitor centre is to be built at the National Trust for Scotland (YSP) in Wakefield.
Scotland's front pages have been celebrating the SNP's victory in the Holyrood election.
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding a fire at a scrapyard in Monmouthshire which is believed to have been started deliberately.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed former Bournemouth and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Josh McShane on a free transfer.
Legal documents relating to the conviction of ex-North Wales Police chief John Anglesea are to be examined by prosecutors.
The National Farmers' Federation (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, best known for her role in Casablanca, has died at the age of 91.
At a summit of EU leaders in Brussels on Wednesday, the leaders of the bloc's member states, the European Union and Turkey, have agreed a deal on how to deal with the migrant crisis.
The opening of the new Forth Road Bridge in Fife has been delayed by more than a year.
A major road in Manchester has been closed after a sinkhole opened up in the city centre.
A new £50m university campus has been officially opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore a section of the historic Swansea canal which has been in decline for more than 200 years.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's biggest upmarket burger chain, has been bought by a US-based company.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association for his behaviour towards Morton players.
England are in the World Twenty20 semi-finals after beating Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Delhi.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of the year.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Sophie Stanning have become the first British men and women to win Olympic gold medals.
The Great Britain catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup in the first round of the competition.
In an exclusive interview with BBC Radio Scotland last week, former England and Wales director of rugby Steve Browne spoke of the need for the Pro12 to be restructured.
Charles Darwin was one of Britain's most famous scientists.
Leinster moved up to second in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Scarlets.
The UK is to launch a year-long project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death.
US President Barack Obama has said the Ferguson unrest is a "solvable problem" and he has requested $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in federal funding.
Bombardier has announced that it is to build a new CS100 jet at its Belfast base.
Los Angeles police have said they will not carry out any further searches in the wake of a bomb threat.
Northern Ireland women's hopes of reaching the second round of the Under-19 European Championship were dealt a blow as they were beaten 1-0 by Spain in Belfast.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year contract.
Virgin Media has been forced to revise its figures for the number of new premises it has connected during the first half of 2017.
Rail operator Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of service due to corrosion repairs.
David Cameron must make clear he will abandon his EU migration pledge if he wins the referendum, an MP has said.
Roman Bogdanov says he felt "enormous relief" when a private prosecution against him collapsed in 1980.
Thousands of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" cheese race in the Blackmore Vale.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has given away $5.1bn (£3.2bn) in shares to charity, the company has announced.
One of UKIP's candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as leader has said he does not have a dog in the race.
When you are heavily pregnant, it can be difficult to prepare for an Olympic swim, especially if you are carrying a two-year-old.
Katarina Meilutyte set a new European Youth Swimming Championships record in qualifying for the 200m freestyle final.
Bristol City moved three points clear at the top of the Championship with victory over 10-man Ipswich.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the national rugby union following a "clear breach" of disciplinary standards.
Optimism in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a public match at Upton Park.
People on benefits in Scotland are living in constant anxiety about changes to their entitlements, according to a study.
Two accountants who mistakenly gave the wrong envelope to the Oscars presenters have been banned from doing their jobs again.
Hundreds of Tata Steel workers have marched through Brussels in protest at the company's decision to cut 1,000 jobs.
Theresa May has said she wants the question of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK to be dealt with in the early stages of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it says have been banned from entering the EU.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have reached an agreement to end their long-running civil war.
The maker of GoPro's Jump drone has said it will release a new version of the device in the first half of 2016.
Plans to cut transport costs for pupils in Gloucestershire are to be reconsidered, the local authority has said.
Tiger Woods' hopes of playing in the 2018 Ryder Cup are now firmly on the horizon.
The financial sustainability of local authorities in England has been questioned by MPs on the Public Accounts Committee.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says his side will "fight until the last minute" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker player Lee Jae-yong has admitted defrauding a woman out of £1,600 by sending her a match-fixing cue.
Charges against a woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham have been dropped.
Android phones running older versions of the operating system are to receive the biggest software update the world has ever seen.
A woman who tried to kill her unborn baby with a drug she bought online has been given a life sentence.
England beat West Indies by seven wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Olympic heptathlon champion Kate Sotherton has called for world records to be "scrapped".
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS over the past two weeks.
David Cameron has said the UK has not changed its policy towards China and Tibet despite reports that it has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late goal earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least four people have been killed in floods and landslides in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW), officials say.
The idea of a space suit being worn inside a space capsule is a dream come true.
Italian police say they have arrested dozens of people suspected of running an illegal immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of posting a picture of his murdered wife on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Rhys Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances used by the NHS in London has quadrupled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a tax case against telecoms giant Vodafone.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer left Manchester United to take up a coaching role at Norwegian club Molde in 2011, it was widely seen as a turning point in his career.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate for the second time this year.
A report into the Casement Park stadium project has recommended that a mediator be appointed to help resolve key issues.
A free bike hire scheme in Dumfries is to be rolled out to other parts of the town.
Tributes have been paid to Worcester football fan Joel Richards, who was killed in a terror attack in Tunisia.
The son of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has accused Malaysia of trying to blackmail him over the death of his half-brother.
Two teenagers who carried out a "shocking" carjacking on a vicar have been sentenced.
Scotland scrum-half George Hamilton has retired from international rugby after nine years with the club.
Great Britain's Chris Lewis won the men's 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games as his compatriot David Cutts failed to clear the bar.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has erased references to Harambe from its Twitter account in the wake of the gorilla's death.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in 2015 from 6.9% in 2014, according to official figures.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-sulphur battery that can be charged and discharged.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is "very, very confident" that the club will win the Premier League this season.
The first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England has been nominated by the Church's governing body, the General Synod.
League One side Oldham came from behind to beat Wigan in the EFL Cup first round.
Swindon Town have denied reports that they have made contact with striker Jordan Williams before Saturday's home game with Chesterfield.
The brother of a woman who was stabbed to death in a Dundee street has been charged with her murder.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold in honour of the British Olympic rowing team.
England's hopes of winning the second Test in Dhaka were dented by a lacklustre batting display on day two.
Cardiff bus drivers have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
The Forth Road Bridge is to be closed to traffic in both directions for a procession and party in honour of its 50th anniversary.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US is committed to defending its allies from attack.
Plans to prevent flooding in the UK’s uplands have been criticised by conservationists.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's game with Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
An airgun has been used to shoot a gull which was found on an industrial estate in the Borders.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
Police in the northern Indian state of Gujarat have arrested eight men accused of taking poison in a protest against the slaughter of cows.
Former Labour Party leader Paul Gascoigne and ex-TV presenter Chris Coogan have been awarded more than £100,000 in settlements over phone hacking.
Researchers in the US have recreated the way butterflies navigate across Mexico using signals from the Sun.
The University of Warrington is to invest £1m in a new high-performance computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup.
A World War Two fighter jet once owned by an RAF couple has been put up for sale online.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been chosen after five attempts to succeed Sir Albert Bore.
Surfers have been heading to Portugal for the first time since a powerful storm hit the UK on Tuesday.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to the season.
Belfast-based micro-finance company Micro Focus has been hit by a shortage of workers in Northern Ireland.
Work has begun on the world's largest protective shield to protect the damaged Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
Cyclist Chris Froome's bike has been damaged in a crash with a car, French police have said.
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's local councils will be able to make a wide range of decisions about development.
A former textile mill in West Yorkshire has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Cambridgeshire's council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting used to decorate the routes of the Tour de France and the Cambridge stage.
A 94-year-old Indian temple official has said that allowing women into the sanctum of a Hindu shrine would increase the risk of rape.
A woman accused of child sex abuse in Sheffield has told a court her daughter became "horrible".
A father has described the moment he found his newborn daughter's body in a bus stop.
The Border Agency has questioned staff at a curry house run by the UKIP candidate for the party leadership over their immigration status.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel that ran aground on the Kerguelen Plateau has been refloated and flown home.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the west coast of County Antrim after the vessel's engine failed.
Spain's Santander and Germany's Deutsche Bank have been ordered to revise their financial plans after failing a series of tests designed to assess the banks' ability to deal with a financial crisis.
A fund set up by the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has surpassed its £10,000 fundraising target.
Online delivery firm Ocado has reported a record profit for the first time in its history, helped by a surge in sales.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says his side have "probably underachieved" at Euro 2016.
Welsh ministers have warned that a "seamless" border between Northern Ireland and Wales could lead to job losses.
Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene of an unexploded flare found on a beach in County Down.
Teenager Sarah Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
Gordon Matheson is to stand for re-election as the leader of the Scottish Labour Party in Strathclyde.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by suspected Taliban militants, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers going into higher education in Scotland has reached its highest ever level, according to official figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that a disaster on Earth would not mean the end of the human race.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Gary Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A Turkish woman applying for a job in Germany is more likely to be invited to interview than a woman in a headscarf, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says there is a "long way to go" in his title challenge after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Tens of thousands of Mexicans have marched through the capital, Mexico City, in support of same-sex marriage.
Police have arrested two teenagers in connection with an incident outside the Celtic v Aberdeen match at Hampden on Friday night.
A man has been jailed for eight years for raping a woman at her home in Glasgow.
The proportion of people aged 25 and over who own their own home has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at a Surrey barracks have begun legal action against the Ministry of Defence.
It has been a turbulent year for the family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew.
Three Dundee students have created an "unisex satchel" which is programmed to warn you not to spend money on credit cards.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign loose-head prop Conor Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps.
Worcestershire's first day of their County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen outfield.
A passenger ship has caught fire in the Balearic Islands port of Palma de Mallorca, officials say.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have made a fresh appeal for information.
A company has been ordered to pay £15,000 after being found guilty of breaking food labelling laws.
When Robert Godin started his own company in the early 1970s, he didn't want to go back to the financial crisis that hit his family.
A £1m lottery prize has been awarded to a mystery ticket holder.
The French honorary consul in Bodrum, Turkey, has denied selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Greece.
Iain Coburn, the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), has said he would do his "best" to lead the party.
Eddie Redmayne is to play a trans woman in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock 4-3 first-round defeat by John Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open.
Passengers undergoing drug treatment or with disabilities are being encouraged to wear badges to alert fellow Tube passengers to their condition.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
The authorities in Nigeria's capital, Lagos, have ordered the closure of a number of mosques in an effort to reduce noise levels.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-final.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Health Secretary Nick Clegg looks at why so many people are not getting end-of-life care.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised more than £22m in a share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned the extravagant wedding of brides and grooms.
Adrian Gill, the former editor of the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 83.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on a mission to bring the migrant crisis to an end.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the "heartland" of the lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged.
Russell Knox is three shots behind leader Russell Knox after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Annan Athletic's hopes of reaching the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been boosted by the news that they have reached the last 16.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year, according to a survey.
A paramedic who leased ambulances to a private company has said he has not been paid in full for six months.
Women's Super League champions Lyon have signed United States striker Kadeena Morgan.
Great Britain's Katie Cheshire missed out on a place in the final of the World Ski Slopestyle Championships in Sierra Nevada, Nevada.
Welsh flyweight Katie Adams has called for the length of bouts in the women's sport to be extended to include three-minute rounds.
Valentino Vitolo scored twice as Sevilla came from behind to draw with FC Lviv in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
The UK's Defence Secretary, Lieutenant General David Breedlove, has said Russia's military presence in Crimea will have an "unprecedented impact" on the Black Sea.
It's that time of year when you're just a few years old.
Ludwig the dog has become a household name in Wiltshire.
Sinn Féin has criticised the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) over its refusal to hold a public inquiry into a botched heating scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire following a damning report into the force's handling of child abuse in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming rate", according to a charity.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Lukasz Grzelak on a three-year deal.
The operator of the LINK network of free-to-use cash machines in the UK is to hold talks with banks to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
Saudi Arabia paid Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak $681m (Â£681m) to help him win the 2013 election, a Saudi source has told the BBC.
Tony Eubank Jr will defend his British middleweight title against Michael Doran in London on Saturday after the death of his father Bobby.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 life jackets from migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean from Turkey to Greece.
A football fan has been given a suspended football ban after he entered the pitch during a match at Southend United.
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won their third successive English National Team Championships.
Sheffield United came from behind to beat League One leaders Shrewsbury Town and move into the play-off places.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick and missed a penalty as Poland beat Romania in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
A school in Adelaide, Australia, has won a prize to design a new national park.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats are to be paid at least the minimum wage, the government has announced.
Ospreys fly-half George Ford is available to face Scarlets in the Pro12 on Boxing Day.
Jockey David Ackerman has been banned from racing for two years after being found guilty of betting on a race.
Nato has formally launched a new mission to support the Afghan security forces in the fight against the Taliban.
A German anti-immigrant party member has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car, state media report.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister has warned the UK government not to listen to other administrations as it prepares to begin the process of leaving the European Union.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been appointed chief executive of the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The family of a man killed in a car crash in Leeds have called for tougher penalties for drivers who maim or kill.
Two sheep have been found safe and well in the garden of a house in Londonderry.
Greece's ruling Syriza party has announced a series of reforms aimed at stabilising the country's finances.
The former Gloucester Prison site is set to be redeveloped.
Favourite DJ Fern Britton has announced her retirement from BBC Radio 1 after 10 years.
Bath fly-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham thrashed fellow National League strugglers Woking.
Archaeologists in China have discovered a new type of ancient Chinese game dating back more than 1,000 years.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club if they had not been knocked out of European competition this summer.
China's inflation rate fell for a third month in a row in September as manufacturers cut prices to win business, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is disappointed that defender Jazz Richards has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A device designed to slow down a Virgin Galactic spaceship has crashed in California, killing two people.
The Iraqi government has declared victory in the battle to retake the city of Mosul.
Bumblebees are being poisoned by pesticides, according to new research.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research in Belfast is to receive more than £1m in funding.
The pyramids of the four ancient pharaohs in Egypt may have been heating up during the heating-up and cooling-down phases of the building, officials say.
A cordon has been put in place after a suspected unexploded World War Two bomb was found at a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnap of British model Katie Ayling in Italy last month.
Prank TV shows are becoming increasingly popular in the Arab world, with celebrities being tricked into believing they have been arrested during the holy month of Ramadan.
US car giant General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in a plant in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Tributes have been paid to former Toronto mayor Rob Ford, who has died.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after its legs got stuck in the engine compartment.
The Scots accent is flourishing, according to a new study.
Campaigners hoping to save a Grade II listed cathedral from demolition have failed to reach their target of £500,000.
It's not every day you see a woman getting paid the same as a man.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street ended little changed on Wednesday, as investors digested better-than-expected results from Tiffany's.
Unpaid internships should be banned in England and Wales, MPs have said.
The Scottish government is to invest more than £2m in the offshore wind industry, the Carbon Trust has announced.
A pregnant woman and her partner were caught with 12 people concealed in tyres in a van they were travelling in, a court has heard.
Cuba is one of the world's most stable and stable communist states.
Alastair Cook is one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says England captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot three times in the leg with an airgun.
A rainbow flag has been flown across the grounds of Stormont House in the Republic of Ireland in a show of support for same-sex marriage.
A Labour MEP has been appointed as the European Parliament's new chief executive.
Hackers claiming to have stolen a script for Game of Thrones have posted it online, according to Entertainment Weekly.
Police are investigating allegations of misconduct by staff at Kids Company, an inner-city children's charity.
Morgan Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI).
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been rated as the worst performer in a European banking stress test.
The Isle of Wight's chain ferry service is to be changed to allow passengers and vehicles to board and disembark at the same time.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Ben Simon on a two-year deal.
A new form asking people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery has been criticised by family lawyers.
An endangered bird of prey has returned to a Scottish nature reserve.
Do you think you are not good enough?
The Russian ambassador to the US has said Jews in New York have told her they will give Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump twice the amount of money.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at Oxford Circus Tube station in south London.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a "cynical political strategy" aimed at silencing opposition, the Human Rights Watch says.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "firing up again" to defend their Premiership title this season.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
A TV show in which Derren Brown asphyxiated himself was broadcast before the watershed, it has been found.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 100m breaststroke to win his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics.
A network of paedophiles who preyed on vulnerable children has been uncovered by police in the UK.
A Chinese man has been living in a space capsule for more than a decade.
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have completed the signing of James Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of two Libyan journalists have been found in eastern Libya, the government says.
Paralympic gold medallist Sarah Lucas won her second gold medal of the Rio Paralympic Games with victory in the World Cup regatta in Bermuda.
The cost of scrapping tuition fees and setting up a new Office for Students would rise by up to 2.5p a year, says Education Minister Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to a former Indian naval officer for spying in Pakistan.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a house in Londonderry.
The RSPCA says it has received more than 1,000 calls about dog fighting in England and Wales in the past five years.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar charged with inciting violence against students in Yangon.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for allowing a female governor to sit in the main meeting room.
A pensioner who raped and sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for 12 months.
Cambridge United dropped to the bottom of the League Two table as they were beaten by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of drug trafficking.
Cardiff City striker Rhys Jones is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering another injury setback.
Teachers in England and Wales must be given a 1% pay rise by the government, according to six of the country's biggest teachers' unions.
A series of seismic tests have been carried out in Lancashire following an April earthquake.
Four paintings by 17th Century artist Michelangelo Caravaggio have gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-factor authentication system to prevent hackers from accessing users' iCloud accounts.
The family of journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed by Syrian government artillery, is suing President Bashar al-Assad's regime for her death.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother was left with "life-changing injuries" after being attacked by a family dog, an inquest has heard.
Scottish government funding for sport and physical activity is to be cut by 20% by the end of next year.
Pregnant women who are overweight or obese are more likely to suffer heart disease and diabetes later in life, according to a major European study.
Ancient weapons found on the Isle of Coll 3,000 years ago have been handed over to a museum.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was punched in the face on a train between Glasgow Central and Neilston.
A British teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of downloading sexually explicit images of underage girls.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid artists of all time.
Brazilian footballer Pele has sold his winner's medal from the 1962 World Cup in Brazil for more than £500,000.
Indonesia's president has summoned Australia's ambassador amid a row over alleged phone tapping by Australian spy agencies.
The UN has condemned a video that appears to show rebels killing dozens of Syrian soldiers and rebels in what it says is a war crime.
A mixture of organic and non-organic farming has been found to increase the diversity of wild plants in a region of France.
Thousands of concert managers have signed an open letter criticising the "industrial-scale abuse and insider exploitation" of tickets.
The UK government has announced that it will raise its bank levy by 0.08% from January.
Bond prices have risen sharply in the wake of Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US election.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter of the year, helped by the launch of new fresh food ranges.
A motorist has been stopped by police for trying to find Sam Smith's song on You Tube.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed that her eyesight is declining.
A farmer has described how his tractor became stuck in a muck heap after a mechanic told him to take a right.
A total solar eclipse has been observed across much of the world.
Proposals for universal basic income in Wales are "far too expensive", a former Labour adviser has said.
Two north Wales hospitals have been rated "inadequate" by the health board following an outbreak of a superbug.
It's been a good year for the Welsh Conservatives.
Trawsfynydd nuclear plant could be used as a site for a demonstrator reactor, a union has said.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A campaign is calling for medical cannabis to be legalised in the UK.
Tunisians have voted to elect a new president, in the country's first post-independence era.
Partick Thistle have completed the signing of Dundee United midfielder Ryan Erskine for an undisclosed fee.
Tax experts from the "Big Four" accountancy firms have defended their advice on tax avoidance.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer in Scotland may be even greater than initially thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock believes it was "probably fate" that Aston Villa sacked him in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a former member of the German army's Einsatzkommando during World War II.
Scotland is lagging behind the UK in the number of small businesses doing more online, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected data from the US services sector.
A 22-year-old man has been jailed for five years for raping a 16-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will be banned from racing for the rest of the season if they fail to follow new rules.
Russian authorities have blocked more than 1,000 pornographic websites, the first such ban in the country's history.
The birthplace of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named among the top 10 most endangered Victorian buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new prime minister.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party leader Marine Le Pen is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Jamie Francis says he is relieved to be retained in Wales' Six Nations squad despite their recent loss to England.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men who broke into a bank in Flintshire.
The future of a vulnerable rail line in Devon could be at risk by 2040, according to a new study by academics.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers who lost their rail fares after cracks appeared in the sea wall between Dover and St Pancras.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Glastonbury to celebrate the festival's 70th anniversary.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has written to the presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly to warn of the "aggressive nature" of debates on Brexit.
Last week, I announced that I was leaving the BBC to take up a freelance role as a freelance journalist.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
When Victoria Barker found out she had Down's syndrome, she was in tears.
An eBay auctioneer has raised more than £100,000 for a "green albatross" which he described as his "happy carefree low cost child free life".
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty to rigging key interest rates.
Hull FC have signed hooker Joe Arundel from Hull FC for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England are a "good aspiration", but it is likely to cost millions of pounds, a leading NHS charity has said.
Helen Jenkins has shown she has "potential" to medal at the 2016 Olympics, according to British triathlon coach Chris Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to investigate the sale of NI assets to the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency (Nama).
US entrepreneur Bob Allen has announced plans to launch rockets into space.
A wildlife charity has lost a legal challenge against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms.
A man who admitted raping two girls in Fife has been told he is fit to be discharged from hospital.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has been described as "ethnic cleansing" by the United Nations.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can end the season on a high after beating Rangers 3-0 at Pittodrie.
The mascot of a Derbyshire regiment has been promoted to the rank of corporal.
Three top Iraqi security officials have been killed in a raid on a Shia Muslim shrine in the western city of Balad, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named as the word of the year by the Collins Dictionary of English.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after his side were knocked out of the World Cup.
The NHS in England is facing a huge rise in the prices of generic cancer drugs, according to a study by UK researchers.
Kenya's Mwai Kibaki has failed to win the $10m (Â£7.5m) Nobel Peace Prize awarded to him in 2007, says his committee.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for strong south to southwesterly winds over parts of Scotland on Friday and Saturday.
Olivier award-winning actress Michelle Terry is to take over as the actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
A father and his two-year-old daughter have been reported missing.
It's not every day you see a pop star strutting their stuff in front of a camera.
A Banksy mural thought to have been stolen is to go on display for the first time in more than a year.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Indian writers have returned their literary awards to the Sahitya Akademi, the country's literary council.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of an Oxford University college.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of the body of missing Swansea man Mark Warburton, police have said.
Britain's Adam Yates won stage five of the Criterium du Dauphine to move up to third overall in the race.
England midfielder James Milner has announced his retirement from international football.
Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in the second round of the FA Cup.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement case against Samsung, accusing it of infringing some of its technology.
Saif al-Arab, the son of former Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, was the first person to be killed in a Nato air strike.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a 13-year-old girl was hit by a car.
The Scottish government has said it is "deeply concerned" by the lack of agreement on the Scottish government's fiscal framework.
There has been an "increase of militarisation" in the South China Sea, US Secretary of State John Kerry has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has said David Cameron has been forced to pull his English votes for English laws plans because of his "slender and fragile" majority.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking for an inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire to be completed within a year.
Ospreys have signed former Northampton Saints and Sale Sharks prop Brian Mujati.
A British backpacker who went missing while climbing a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his girlfriend has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service for Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson, who died at the age of 91.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that its giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
The blackbird has been chosen as the nation's official bird, the RSPB has announced.
Austrian police say they have arrested a lookalike who has been photographed outside the birthplace of Adolf Hitler.
A man has died after being stabbed at a house in South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become England's new Test captain, says pace bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that it would allow internet services to be upgraded to faster speeds in May, internet users took to social media to express their outrage.
Jordy Gray's first-half penalty gave Burnley victory over Blackburn and moved them up to second in the Championship.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create up to 100 new jobs at its Solihull plant in the UK.
Corey Whitely's first-half strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 victory at Eastleigh.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at a bar in south London.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been shortlisted for the UK's tree of the year competition.
A pensioner and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after a man and a woman were rescued from the sea off the Gwynedd coast.
More than 100 jobs are to go at a Kerry Foods factory in Londonderry.
Jellyfish have been spotted on Anglesey, prompting a warning to swimmers to avoid touching them.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and his girlfriend who "set about trying to cover up the truth", a court has heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has given birth to his first child.
Ospreys wing Joe Thornton says he is relishing the prospect of making his Wales debut against Samoa on Friday.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action against the county's planning inspector after he refused to reopen an examination of its plans.
The UK Border Agency must do more to deal with more than 150,000 migrants who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world's most influential women.
DNA evidence has been used to convict a Pembrokeshire farmer of rustling sheep, police have said.
A new exhibition has opened to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the artist William Blake.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been rated as a "threat to global security" by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse are set to announce a €1.2bn (£1.3bn) merger that will create one of the world's largest exchange companies.
If you were to strip naked in a steam bathhouse in London, you might be tempted to think, "I don't want to do that."
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service.
Australian Airlines chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a vote on same-sex marriage.
Serie A leaders Manchester United were held to a goalless draw by Hull City at Old Trafford.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's world record of 68th pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and her daughter, Shannon, live in the same house as their son, Kayden.
A senior Labour councillor has said she is being investigated by police over a "hate campaign" against her.
St Johnstone came from behind to draw with Rangers at Ibrox.
When it comes to losing a presidential race, it's easy to pick the winners and the losers.
A 20-year-old man who was shot dead by police has been named by the police watchdog.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has "no idea" where he will end up next season.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Sale fought back to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton is only the third man in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of two landslides in which more than 100 people are feared dead.
Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 200m to become the first sprinter to run the fastest time in the world.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cut-backs in the use of customised "rest chambers" on European flights after media reports of the expense.
The Indian government has failed to act on human rights abuses committed by security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir, Amnesty International says.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend will be streamed live on Twitter, it has been confirmed.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to a Muslim family in the US after falsely claiming they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the toymaker refused to sell its products to him.
Miranda Miranda has opened her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets, according to a council report.
Mikheil Saakashvili has been elected president of Georgia for the first time.
A charity has warned of a "crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in Scotland.
Juventus came from behind to beat West Ham 4-2 on aggregate and reach the Europa League play-off round.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Sixteen sailors have been named in the British Rowing Federation's reserves for the World Cup in Florida.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have signed new dual contracts with the Welsh region.
Aston Villa have signed former England captain Chris Coleman on a two-year deal.
When Theresa May announced the UK would leave the European Union in June 2016, she said it would be "very difficult" to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the EU.
The sounds of Africanised honey bees could be used to help scientists identify which plants help bees produce more honey.
Lincoln City reached the League One play-off round for the first time in their history with a 3-2 win over 10-man Oldham.
The botched franchising of the West Coast rail line could cost the taxpayer up to £8.9m, MPs have warned.
The Nobel Prize for Chemistry is one of the most prestigious scientific awards in the world.
Former world champion Gary Lines has beaten former world champion Paul Hendry in the first round of the Scunthorpe Grand Prix.
There's a sense of unease among readers about the impact of the Scottish independence referendum on the print industry.
Taxpayers should be given the right to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Norman Lamb has said.
Gary Ferguson admits Clyde are in danger of slipping out of the Scottish League One play-off places if they do not beat Annan Athletic on Saturday.
If you want to know what the future holds for a nation on the edge of the European Union, you might have to go to the polls in Greece.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in County Monaghan more than 40 years ago have been uncovered.
Parents have claimed they are being "punished" for living in a rural area where their children cannot walk to the bus stop.
A mass has been held in Glasgow in memory of the victims of the earthquake in Italy.
It's been a turbulent year for Australia's prime minister.
Ferrari's Lewis Hamilton edged Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged with fraud after more than £100,000 worth of tickets were sold at the Notting Hill Carnival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time since the city was handed over to the mainland in 1997.
A rapper has taken to social media to protest against the appointment of a woman as the new chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Police in China say they have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide at a landfill in Shenzhen.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, a leading environmental group has warned.
A US judge has acquitted a white police officer of manslaughter over the deaths of two black teenagers in Cleveland.
Russia has condemned a series of bomb attacks in Syria that have left at least 120 people dead.
Promotion from the Premiership to the Championship will be scrapped in 2017-18, with Championship sides automatically promoted to the Premiership.
The cost of recycling household waste has dropped by more than £400,000 in the past year, it has emerged.
The World Economic Forum is taking place in Davos, Switzerland, this weekend.
A knife has been found at a Dumfries and Galloway primary school, police have said.
The first round of the UK Championship takes place in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's hopes of winning the Australian Grand Prix were dashed as they finished third in the championship.
Scotland's independence referendum is due to take place on 8 June.
A group of Perth business owners has launched a "First Thursday" campaign in a bid to revive the city's reputation as a shopping destination.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the chance to play for England again.
The funeral of Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer Ronan Kerr is being held in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior solicitor general.
A ferry has crashed into a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Scotland's youngest MP, Nicola Black, has been named National Magazine's Young Person of the Year.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the UK's right to end his own life.
Porto cruised into the Champions League semi-finals with victory over Bayern Munich in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Tottenham Hotspur have reached a settlement with the family of a 15-year-old boy who suffered a heart attack 10 years ago.
Actress Keira Knightley is to star in a Broadway adaptation of Tolstoy's classic novel.
Argentina coach Jorge Bauza wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to retire from international football.
A 10-year-old boy in Canada has written an apology note to a library after a page fell out of his bunk.
Northern Ireland's Paul Waites says he will return to action after recovering from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the first time.
Newport Gwent Dragons full-back Michael Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of Germany international Anna Linden from German club Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been told by MPs to explain why he refused to attend a Commons committee meeting to discuss worker rights.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has dismissed claims that his players have been "like monks" during the World Cup.
Dundee came from behind to beat Motherwell and move up to third in the Scottish Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after reaching the last 16 of the Champions League.
Three people have been killed in a rollercoaster accident on a theme park ride in Australia's capital, Canberra.
A Dundee man has admitted possessing heroin with a street value of more than £263,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A gang member has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in north-east London.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for Asian stock markets this year.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Bedfordshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said he will "remain in our hearts, thoughts and memories forever".
Salford Red Devils scrum-half George North has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a circuit around a Vale of Glamorgan golf course has been told it is "difficult to conclude" it is of equal value.
Garry Thompson scored his first goal for Morecambe as they came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham.
The number of suicides under the care of crisis teams in mental health units in the UK is at record levels, according to a new report.
Ulster won the Ulster Women's Cup for the first time with a 5-10 to 1-10 victory over Connacht at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have been asked to improve the quality of the coffee they serve in Holyrood's House of Commons.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cancel some operations until the winter months, according to the chief medical officer of the Royal College of Surgeons.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's most prosperous countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat drifted off the coast of Lough Swilly.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be favourites to win the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a group of people trying to sell a rare snake for $1,500 (Â£1,100).
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has arrived in the capital, Brasilia, after being impeached by the Senate for manipulating the country's budget.
Barry Boyle scored the only goal of the game as Derry City beat Wexford 2-0 in the Irish Premiership.
A mountain rescue charity has called for "serious consideration" over the way it dealt with the number of callouts to Crib Goch.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m.
Celtic made the most of the transfer window in January as they completed the signing of Danish teenager Ollie Midtjylland from FC Copenhagen.
Torrent-sharing site The Pirate Bay has been hit by a DDoS attack.
A robotic arm designed to replace amputated limbs has won a £2,220 (£1,200) UK engineering prize.
Francois Fillon, the French centre-right presidential candidate, has won a decisive victory in Sunday's rally in Paris.
A hospital's accident and emergency department could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury.
Scott Brown is a "big part of my career", according to Scotland coach Gordon Strachan.
EDF, the French company behind the controversial Hinkley Point nuclear power plant, has signed a new contract with the UK government.
The number of calls to a service charity helpline seeking help for soldiers who have been injured or killed is rising, the charity has said.
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for five years for making and possessing indecent images of children.
Is it time for a coup to be staged within the Labour Party?
World number one Mark Selby was knocked out of the World Championship in the quarter-finals by China's Fu Junhui.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation".
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a Catholic school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsene Wenger has urged Arsenal players to "lead and take responsibility" for the club's success at Wembley.
The Nepalese government is considering limiting the number of people allowed to climb Mount Everest.
The family of a man killed in a head-on crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law to allow older people to drive safely.
A former US swimmer has been released from jail in the US state of Ohio after serving a six-year sentence for sexually assaulting a student.
A £270m plan to protect the coastal line between Devon and Cornwall has been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a porcelain urinal that it says is designed for the "1 percent".
The life and work of an American artist is to be celebrated at the Scottish National College of Art (SMO).
The rollout of the UK's first fibre broadband service has been criticised by BT.
Education Secretary Huw Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be the worst performing nation in the UK by 2021.
Police in India have arrested three people in connection with the TalkTalk data breach.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa.
The Scottish government has increased the number of student teacher places to 1,230, up by 185 on last year's target.
George Lawrie says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Europe's Ryder Cup against the United States.
The Unison union has said it will nominate Jeremy Corbyn as its candidate to be Labour's next leader.
American Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Genesis Open in Texas.
Jamie Heaslip is set to return to action for Ireland in Saturday's Six Nations match against Wales at Twickenham.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended following allegations of failings in safeguarding procedures, the authority has said.
Netflix has become the first video streaming service to expand beyond the US.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have announced the departure of manager John Hughes.
There was no protest in Greece this weekend.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service has said.
Golfers can live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons have terminated the contract of former Kangaroos player Chris Mason, who had been on trial with the Catalans Dragons.
(Close): Shares in Burberry and Anglo American were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100.
Muslim Match, a dating website for married Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's Vice-President, accusing him of being in the pay of a convicted drug lord.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a sharp object in west Belfast.
An award-winning novel by a former Cold War veteran has gone on sale in the US.
Tanzania's President Joseph Kikwete has dismissed a minister accused of defrauding the government of $1m (Â£770,000).
She had come prepared to say sorry, time and again.
JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay $13bn (Â£11bn) in civil penalties over its mortgage-backed securities scandal, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James is unlikely to be fit for the 2016 Olympics in Rio, according to her coach Chris Sutton.
South Korean team Samsung Galaxy Entertainment (SKT) has won the League of Legends (LoL) title for the first time.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored his first goal for Sheffield United as they beat League One strugglers Bury.
A 19-year-old man has been discharged from hospital after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
A 26-year-old Belgian man has been charged in connection with the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's Hannah Guy won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Swimming Championships in London.
Minster Mary McLeod has said crofters should be offered loans to help them get on the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to walk away from the club.
The pound fell sharply against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how carbon came to form on Earth more than 100 million years ago.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday, boosted by gains in the US and Japan.
The FBI is seeking access to a phone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United's new badge has been unveiled following a public vote.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after a crash in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A West Yorkshire teenager has been killed in Iraq by so-called Islamic State (Isis) militants, police have confirmed.
Belfast Giants have extended the contracts of seven players for next season.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being forced into his bedroom told his mother he felt "unsafe" at school, an inquest has heard.
A man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation in his bail conditions.
A new £2.5m research centre is to be set up to improve the way Welsh hospitals deal with wound care.
In the wake of the chemical weapons attack on a Syrian airfield on Thursday night, Donald Trump said the US should "get Syria out".
Lewis Foderingham says it is "disappointing" that Rangers midfielder Scott Sinclair has been banned from the club's pre-season games.
A doctor called police after Prince's body was found at his Paisley Park home in Minnesota, his lawyer has said.
Edinburgh's Twelve Closes are to be transformed into a new route linking the Old Town and the Royal Mile.
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted to ban full face veils in public places, under a controversial new law.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car.
Munster have appointed former British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell as their new director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has quit the party to work for the Lib Dems, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The number of coca plantations in Colombia has risen by almost 50% in the past year, according to a new report by the United Nations.
When you think of Scotland's under-21 wingers, you might think of Chris Burke.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Alassane Cisse says he has become a national symbol for the Ivorian nation.
Southern rail passengers have been warned to expect further disruption after a strike by guards on some of the company's services.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the Portuguese port city of Porto, officials say.
In a park in the Uruguayan capital, Montevideo, Cristian is growing his own cannabis plants.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been auctioned for charity.
A major North Sea oil platform has been shut down after a leak of hydrocarbons.
Two British men who were arrested in Abu Dhabi on suspicion of spying for the United Arab Emirates are due to appear in court.
Johnsen has signed a new two-year deal with Danish side Den Haag after his release by Hearts.
Two young people have been recruited to a monastic order in Monmouthshire.
It is almost time for Louis van Gaal to get back to the top of the table.
When you think of the threats facing the armed forces, it's easy to think of Russia and the Islamic State.
Wales' men's hockey team lost to Scotland in the final of the EuroHockey A Division.
A 79-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top drawer" qualities of back-row forward Jack Woodburn.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face Manchester City in the group stage of the Champions League.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has praised the government for removing the country's highest denomination currency, the rupee, from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Paul Casey shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its litter enforcement staff after a BBC Panorama programme revealed people were wrongly fined for littering.
(Close): The pound has fallen back against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested a rise in UK services activity.
Hundreds of police officers have been injured in rioting and disorder across London over the past two nights.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has risen by more than 5% in the past five years, figures have shown.
England will have to beat Russia in Marseille on Saturday if they are going to reach the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales will not be forced to reveal details of its operations unless they are in the public interest, a judge has ruled.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to review video footage of an on-field fight between Keighley Cougars and Fryston Warriors in the Challenge Cup fourth round.
US actress Shirley Temple has died at the age of 95.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall defender Abdou for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer.
A Porto player has been banned for four years for a violent attack on a referee.
The Last Night of the Last Night at the Royal Albert Hall will be the last performance conducted by Sir Andrew Gormley, the conductor of Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
The body of a man has been found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats in Bedfordshire, police have said.
Victims of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham have been left unprotected and at risk of further offending, a watchdog has said.
Gillingham manager Paul Brown has appealed against the red card shown to him in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders in a bid to tackle the attainment gap.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Cameroon midfielder Victor Assou-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle of his government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his Nkandla residence.
The body of a third man has been recovered from the site of the collapsed Rotherham Power Station.
A Pembrokeshire teacher who sent sexually inappropriate messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
A chick has hatched at the Loch of the Lowes Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire for the second time in three years.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a house in County Tyrone.
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated inadequate by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
President Donald Trump has made a number of controversial statements in his first 100 days in office.
Police are searching a river in Dorset in a bid to recover a shotgun used in the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in west London.
Welsh Premiership side The Exiles have been taken over by a US-based company.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a Sussex boarding school.
Schools and colleges in England are to offer free seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test is "outrageous" and should be stopped.
Actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have confirmed they are close to signing a new striker in the January transfer window.
Work has begun to uncover the remains of a medieval bridge which was one of the busiest tram routes in the country.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature ever recorded in the country, with temperatures reaching 36.7C (98F) in London.
The death of German pilot Andreas Lubitz is the latest in a series of high-profile suicides in recent years.
Substitute John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons.
One of the most tantalising discoveries of the Cretaceous Period is that scientists have found an important clue about the asteroid that wiped out most of the dinosaurs.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a " rotten deal" from the European Union.
Dai Donald and Aneurin Lloyd both scored maiden first-class centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man in west Belfast have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to play a musical instrument at home?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke says she's "feeling like a brain game".
An Oxfordshire secondary school could close with the loss of 500 pupils, the education watchdog has said.
The government says it is doing more to encourage more women to apply for jobs in its intelligence agencies.
The last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been awarded a knighthood by the Mayor of Doncaster.
League One side Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell defender Ryan Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The European Commission has rejected CK Hutchison's bid to buy the UK mobile phone network O2.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over struggling Peterborough.
Brazil's ex-leader Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Scientists are working to better understand the effects of solar flares and geomagnetic storms.
Bath have signed Leicester Tigers second-row forwards Geoff Parling and Olly Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): Mining shares dragged the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta leading the way.
A charity auction for a lunch with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $100,000 (Â£65,000).
Victor Traore has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Cape Verde's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
An Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire is looking for volunteers to help with its upkeep.
Rail staff could be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the Samaritans has said, in a bid to cut the number of suicides.
Susie Wolff will drive for Williams for the first time in 2015, the team have confirmed.
Nottingham Forest have signed Bristol Rovers striker Josh Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden in memory of their mother at Kensington Palace.
Police in Spain say they have foiled a van attack in Barcelona city centre on Thursday night.
Work to build a new roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham has been delayed until the end of the year.
Phil Taylor will meet Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the World Championship after beating Kim Huybrechts in the second round.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of their DNA.
Chris Crofts has revealed he turned down the chance to play for Wales at Euro 2016.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England made a winning start to their warm-up match against South Africa at Trent Bridge.
A helicopter which was forced to make an emergency landing on Snowdonia after a training exercise has been recovered.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has told MSPs that local authority spending will be cut by £100m in the next financial year.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at an auction in Sutherland, bringing the total number of animals sold to more than 1,000.
On Monday morning, thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida to watch the launch of the UK's most important science experiment.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, officials say.
A cemetery in France has been closed to visitors because of a dispute over parking restrictions, a visitor has claimed.
Media around the world have hailed Boris Johnson's "defiance" for David Cameron in the wake of the London mayor's decision not to contest the EU referendum.
Ulster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A job seeker has said she is "furious" after being sent an e-mail suggesting she was a "home educated oddball".
The return of actor Jim Broadbent to the London stage to play Ebenezer Scrooge has been met with a mixed response from critics.
There has been a surge in the number of free period tracking apps on the market.
The parents of Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete convicted of murdering his girlfriend, have spoken of their "heartache" ahead of his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released Josh Chase and Ben Fages, while Josh Paterson and Chris Fages are set to leave the Super League club.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his best route to securing Champions League qualification.
Actress Dame Judi Dench is to donate Â£1m to the Surrey Wildlife Trust.
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Patients at hundreds of GP surgeries in England have been told they will no longer be able to get appointments when they need one, the Conservatives have said.
American Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" after being named on Europe's Ryder Cup team at the US PGA Championship.
Five men who blew up cash machines in a Liverpool restaurant were justified in shooting at them, a police watchdog has said.
More than 36 motorcyclists were killed on London's roads last year, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United have confirmed the signing of Northern Ireland Under-20 international defender Ryan McNair for the 2017 Milk Cup.
An accident and emergency unit at a Wrexham hospital has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of shooting dead five people at a Florida airport has appeared in court in the US state of Florida.
A child rapist has told the Old Bailey he was "ashamed" of seeing images of children being sexually abused online.
New Zealand and Russia have agreed to designate the Ross Sea as a marine protection area (MPA).
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of lights.
Jackie Collins, the author of Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died at the age of 84, her family has said.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of poisoning her husband with cyanide.
A seven-year-old sturgeon that washed up in a car wash has been found safe and well.
Former West Indies all-rounder Ben Simmons has been removed from the national team for the tour of Sri Lanka.
A drug dealer who went on the run for more than two years after being released on parole has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing presenters Steve and Ola Jordan have spoken for the first time about the claims they were bullied on the show.
A comedy film about a man who has been diagnosed with terminal illness is to be shot in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will not be able to fill his squad with experienced players because of injury problems.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has described the explosion of a rocket that exploded in Florida last week as the "most difficult and complex failure in 14 years".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were wrongly arrested by Metropolitan Police have been awarded more than £100,000 in damages.
The First Lady of Zimbabwe, Grace Mugabe, has been granted diplomatic immunity from South Africa, the government says.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage dancers to jail for performing a dance dance reminiscent of World War Two victory celebrations.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Matt Webster for an undisclosed fee and Middlesbrough defender Jordan Clarke for an unspecified fee.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Grimsby manager Alan Archibald has dismissed suggestions that he has downgraded the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Katie Peake has set her sights on setting a new Welsh record for the 4.50m hurdles.
In the wake of the deadly attack on a school in Peshawar this week, the question remains whether there was a foreign hand behind the attack.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course to unlock value".
League One side Morecambe have signed former Shrimps midfielder Louis Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
Ten Chinese cities have been issued with "severe pollution", the environmental ministry has said.
In the wake of recent high-profile cases of "morality police" being arrested in Saudi Arabia, BBC News looks at what they are and what they do.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of a Volkswagen Golf after it was parked out of a marked bays in Londonderry.
The latest X-Men film, The Imitation Game, has been named best film at the Empire Awards.
"I've never been able to extract oil," says Paul Barak, a geologist at a Texas oil company.
Supermarket chain Asda is to open its first store in Greater Manchester where customers will be able to hear a pin drop.
When James Barrett was a child in the early 1980s, he was working as a dog breeder in Beirut.
Google's DeepMind artificial intelligence system has mastered a wide range of video games.
Chinese businessman Dr Xia Jie has been confirmed as the new owner of Aston Villa.
The head of Brazil's security forces has said that a jihadist attack on the Rio de Janeiro Olympics was a "precautionary measure".
Lee Swanson has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone, with the option of a further year.
The EU is trying to find a solution to the migration crisis, which has seen thousands of migrants crossing into Europe from countries outside the bloc.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed the world's first petrol engine that uses compression ignition.
Crystal Palace's mascot, Kayla the Eagle, has been found guilty of throwing a punch at police during the FA Cup third-round tie at Selhurst Park.
A Guatemalan medical examiner has ordered the retrial of General Rios Montt, who was found guilty of genocide and war crimes.
Pokemon Go fans have been warned not to enter an accident and emergency unit in Stoke-on-Trent.
Newcastle Falcons have signed fly-half Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers for an undisclosed fee.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of British hip-hop.
Danny Mayor scored a stoppage-time winner as League One side Millwall came from behind to beat Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth for the first time in more than 40 years.
The founder of a charity which helped save Cardigan Castle has resigned.
A German policeman has been shot dead during a shootout with a suspected far-right gunman, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he wants to be "physical, fair and brutal" against Ireland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
Johnston Press, the publisher of The Scotsman, has reported a fall in profits and revenues for the first eight weeks of the year.
A free school in Birmingham has been rated "outstanding" by Ofsted, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A campaign to raise £100,000 for legal action against those involved in the 2003 invasion of Iraq has raised more than £50,000.
China's Ma Ying-jeou won gold in the men's singles with a 4-1 victory over compatriot Zhang Shuai in Rio.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns to her hands in a bushfire has completed a triathlon in Hawaii.
It used to be one of the world's biggest healthcare companies.
A key part of the James Webb Space Telescope is ready to go into orbit.
Morocco has formally joined the African Union (AU) after it applied to rejoin the continental body in 1991.
US actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country.
Police in Dumfries and Galloway have said the annual Nychburris parade has passed peacefully.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "disappointed" by the results of a survey commissioned by the Scottish National Party on the future of independence.
The mother of a nine-year-old girl who was given the all-clear by the Welsh Blood Service to carry out chemotherapy has thanked the donors who donated their blood.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "real sea change" in "crime porn".
The owner of a shopping centre in east London has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The Angolan government has withdrawn controversial legislation that would have banned the use of social media to criticise the government.
Hungary is one of the most ethnically diverse countries in Central Europe.
A woman was set on fire by a group of men who set fire to her in a fast food restaurant, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has criticised parliament for shelving a controversial bill to ban gay sex.
Award-winning actress Ava DuVernay has said Lionsgate "failed to live up to our own standards of sensitivity and diversity".
Wales will begin their Euro 2016 campaign with a friendly against Belgium in Cardiff on Wednesday.
Two teenagers have been charged in connection with the death of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning Emma Watson is to star in the new Disney film Beauty and the Beast, it has been announced.
Warrenpoint Town will begin their defence of their Irish Premiership title with a home game against Dungannon Swifts on Monday.
The lack of broadband in Wales is "like saying you don't have a road now", a leading technology executive has said.
An MP has called for a meeting with the Italian government over the death of a woman who was found stabbed to death in her flat.
Output from the UK's industrial and construction sectors fell in February, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are being urged to get into work.
Swansea City have signed Swansea City striker Jordan Grimes on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle banned items into a prison.
Gusts of up to 55mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Monday night and Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Booker Prize-winning author Shailesh Ghosh has visited India's President's official residence for the first time.
The risk of a repeat of a flood caused by a collapsed bridge is "unprecedented", a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore and MK Dons defender David Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan at Cardiff.
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Reykjavik to go top of Group A.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the BBC has learned.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £1m swimming pool at Wrexham's Bridgefoot Sports Centre.
Plans to turn Stoke-on-Trent's former stadium into a housing development have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen sharply after the department store chain reported a sharp fall in sales.
The UK's National Air Traffic Control Agency (Nats) has developed a system that bounces radio waves off wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating more than 100 allegations of police failures in relation to child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed former Ajax and West Brom striker Yohan Cabaye on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene which may explain why some men are unable to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken to hospital in Belfast.
Volunteers at an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire have been battling to get a colony of bats to move out.
A far-right movement in France has been dissolved over the death of a teenager who was attacked with knuckle-dusters, prosecutors say.
Tony Bellew says he will not fight heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua next.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a straight-set win over Italy's Elena Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to double in the next five years, according to a survey.
Championship side West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with victory at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton captain Danny Duffy expects a "monumental upset" against Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox.
Two men have been charged in connection with the rape and sexual assault of a woman in Sunderland.
Plans to store electricity in quarries in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead despite opposition from the Open Spaces Society.
Dover Athletic and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the 1986 World Cup with a comfortable victory over England in Cardiff.
Prof Stephen Hawking is among the judges on a competition to find the UK's youngest ever astronaut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a car was set on fire in East Lothian.
A man who has a rare form of bowel disease has called for councils to be forced to provide a set number of toilets per population area.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
Turkish prosecutors say they have identified the bomber who carried out last week's suicide bombing in the capital, Ankara, as a Syrian Kurd.
Plans to build a hydro power station near the Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by the environment regulator.
A pensioner has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage netball player by dangerous driving.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any other ban in the UK, UKIP's former leader has said.
A statue of comedian Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in his home village of Timperley.
Firefighters in England are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions, a union has said.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A former member of a Welsh band accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £150,000 has told a court he was injured in a car crash.
It's been another busy week for me at Wimbledon.
A handwritten manuscript has been appraised in a BBC One documentary.
Airbus and one of the world’s biggest companies, OneWeb, have launched a multi-satellite constellation in the sky.
A mother and her two-year-old child have been found safe and well in Pembrokeshire, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost his appeal against his murder conviction.
A court in Japan has ordered the reopening of two nuclear reactors that were shut after the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Aberdeen is to host its first comedy festival, which aims to boost the city's comedy scene.
Former England and Crewe Alexandra footballer Chris Woodward has said he is still waiting to hear from police over allegations of historical child sex abuse.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in revenge porn laws.
The chief executive of India's banned Dera Sacha Sauda sect has resigned after the film was cleared for release.
Would you consider cutting your own hair if you were a professional tennis player?
Claudia Winkleman has announced she is stepping down as host of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to new research by the UK's transport watchdog.
Hundreds of university staff have taken part in a walkout in Wrexham.
It's that time of year again, when the festive season comes to an end.
Glasgow-based firm Aggreko has agreed to buy dryco, a North American heating solutions provider, for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has described Donald Trump's US election victory as a victory for "political correctness".
Three men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed the band are planning a world tour in the future.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after beating Belinda Bencic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston's hopes of reaching the Championship play-offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A South Korean basketball player accused of falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had a South Korean grandmother has been banned from the sport.
All children under the age of five will be eligible for a government-funded childcare voucher scheme, the government has announced.
Plans to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been approved by the county council.
Leigh Centurions head coach Gary Rowley has resigned after just one season in charge.
For Liisa Ronkainen, the idea of a basic income is a welcome relief.
Mount Etna in Italy has erupted again, this time spewing ash into the air.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is relishing the opportunity to captain his country at the Rugby World Cup.
Iraqi forces have recaptured the Iraqi city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) after a week of fierce fighting, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since the war on drugs began.
When Taylor Swift posted a picture of herself on social media, people thought she was a model.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Monday, helped by gains in oil and gas companies.
Football is one of the most exciting sports in the world.
A third foot has been found in a park in Bristol, police have confirmed.
Plans to demolish a number of Victorian hotels and apartments have been approved by Bournemouth councillors.
A Pakistani judge has recused himself from hearing an appeal against the death sentence given to a Christian woman for blasphemy.
Waiting times for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales are to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
Australian rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with cocaine trafficking in South East Queensland.
Former England batsman Chris Lewis hopes his return from prison can help young players avoid the pitfalls of a professional career.
Ross County extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Thokozile Mosimane has urged his team to "fight for it" after they were knocked out of the African Champions League by Uganda's KCCA.
A 19th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to be restored following the TV series Poldark.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "losing the Iowa caucuses".
Olympic silver medallist Gemma Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two gold medals at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager for the first time.
It was the darkest night of the political career for impressionists.
An unopened letter written by Lewis to his first wife, Eleanor Ellis, has sold at auction for £2,500.
The first of Loganair's fleet of aircraft has been refurbished.
A five-year-old girl who was taken to hospital in a false name has been found safe and well, police have said.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has postponed its second-quarter results after the emissions scandal came to light.
Thousands of supporters of a protest movement in the Indian state of West Bengal have set fire to vehicles in the Darjeeling hills.
Norwich City striker Andre Tettey says he was "happy" to score a Yaya Toure goal for the first time this season.
Great Britain's women secured their place at the Rio Olympics with a 4-3 victory over New Zealand in the Women's Hockey World League.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as president of the Confederation of African Football, replacing Issa Hayatou.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle.
A drink-driver has been banned from driving for 18 months after he was found unconscious while driving under the influence of alcohol.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Birmingham City midfielder James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, Labour MP David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead extended their lead at the top of the National League to five points with a 1-1 draw at home to Guiseley.
Championship side Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jack Robinson and Ipswich midfielder Ryan Pringle.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take "appropriate action" after footage emerged of Orange Order members singing a racist song at a parade.
Scientists in the UK are to carry out gene editing experiments in human embryos.
Australia took a 2-0 lead in the three-match one-day series against India after a thrilling final over in Manuka.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
It's been a tough few weeks for the NHS in England.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would resign if he was in charge of the Irish Catholic Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on a dual carriageway.
A "suspicious" vehicle has been found on a road in Glasgow city centre.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 50,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales in the first three months of the year.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have been accused of using chemical weapons against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a sinking car in freezing water.
A new website has been launched allowing people to check the quality of care in England's care homes.
An artificial intelligence (AI) system is to be used to help companies decide whether to invest in drugs.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $10m (£7m) in damages after a jury found it liable for fraud and conspiracy over the death of a woman who used talcum powder on her genitals.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in Italy.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Morecambe came from behind to draw with Wycombe.
An 86-year-old woman was hit over the head with bacon during a robbery at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
The first hurling team to win an All-Ireland club hurling title will be shown live on BBC Radio Ulster.
A mother and her two-year-old son have denied murdering their six-month-old daughter.
A Danish container ship has been seized in Iranian waters, the Danish shipping company Maersk says.
Chelsea's Pedro has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury during his side's Champions League win over China on Sunday.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Labour MP for Cardiff South and Penarth has been elected to the Welsh Parliament.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest march against plans for two wind farms in Lincolnshire.
The signing of the Paris climate agreement has taken place, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his wife was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy has boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing, a study suggests.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent cardiology appointment at the Ulster Hospital has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
At the marina in the Spanish town of Benavista, in the middle of the sea, a woman is sitting on a bench.
More than 100 bottles of detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach, conservationists have said.
Women's Super League One club Yeovil Town Ladies have extended the contract of striker Katie Heatherson until the end of the season.
Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the Manchester Arena attack.
The mayor of a Cheshire council has resigned after being accused of "misleading" councillors over contracts awarded to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Oil have risen by more than a third after the company agreed to buy E.On's North Sea oil and gas assets.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table as they came from behind to beat Ballymena United 2-1.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after shooting at the tyres of a passing car.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough eased to victory at Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is in talks with a potential buyer, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jose Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.
Smog has blanketed parts of the eastern Indian city of Bangalore.
Fernando Fernandez, who was born and raised in Cuba, has been granted citizenship by the Miami Marlins.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed at least 10 tribesmen in clashes in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Toronto to San Francisco was forced to abort a landing after it came within 30m of crashing into a plane.
Three brothers from Rotherham have been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing two girls in their teenage years.
The UK's fishing industry faces "many trade-offs" if it leaves the European Union, according to a House of Lords review.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
What do we know about the threat posed by terrorism?
Arsenal have signed teenage defender Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Dozens of bodies are being pulled from mud in the Colombian capital, Medellin, as rescuers continue to search for survivors.
A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the London Bridge terror attack.
Uefa has suspended Spanish football federation president Alejandro Villar after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the closure of zoos, according to a leading circus professional.
A mentally ill man who murdered a healthcare assistant at a mental health unit in Gloucestershire has been jailed for eight years.
A German court has sentenced a Syrian man to death for his alleged role in the killing of Syrian government soldiers.
Substitute Ross Wallace scored his first goal for Sheffield Wednesday as they beat Huddersfield.
A French company has denied claims that a fuel additive was found in a faulty breast implant.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has warned that the party may "shut up shop" if it loses the assembly election.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history.
Five councillors have admitted they may have fallen asleep during a Commons Select Committee debate.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory over England's Paul Dunne in the final round of the Zurich Classic.
A record number of golden plover birds have been spotted on Tiree in the Highlands.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to the US nominee for secretary of state, accusing him of naivety and unrealistic political fantasies.
The hunt for a large cat in the French Alps has been scaled back after animal experts said it was unlikely to be a lynx.
Four people have been arrested in the UK in connection with a growing practice of spying on people's webcams.
The chairman of Fifa's reform taskforce has said he has "never applied" for the post.
A children's book written by E Nesbit has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Plans to cut services at Eastbourne Hospital have been described as "horrendous" by paediatricians.
Guinea's capital, Conakry, is set to be declared free of the Ebola virus for the first time in more than two years.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A £1m grant has been secured to save a 17th Century painting from being put up for sale.
Former Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 82.
A pilot and a tanker driver have been injured after their light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Mark McCall has described a pitch invasion by Millwall fans as "nonsense".
Fiscal framework talks between the UK and Scottish governments have been postponed until next month.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former army chief, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of fraud in connection with an arms deal, officials say.
Georgia have "outgrown" the European Nations Championship, says head coach David Haig.
A 75-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Nigeria's leading female Hausa actress has been banned from the film industry after she appeared in a viral video.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 83.
The life and work of a 17th Century poet is to be recreated.
In the centre of Timbuktu, a group of young men and women are gathering to celebrate the return of their culture.
A Gwynedd police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man who was attacked in the street.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after an 11-year-old girl was attacked by it during a drugs test.
The view from the top of the mountains in the north-west of Chile is stunning.
Police Scotland has said it does not yet know the full extent of the scale of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand", a former Metropolitan Police chief has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams failed to qualify for the Olympic Games in Rio.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed down 1.7% on Friday after the country's government ordered an investigation into the falsification of fuel economy data.
Britain's renewed engagement with Libya has been hailed as a major milestone in its long-term relationship with the country.
George Clooney wants to install CCTV cameras at his home in Sonning Eye in Oxfordshire.
The general election is coming up on 8 June, and we want to hear what you think about it.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "slow, complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the national team.
England slumped to a five-wicket defeat by South Africa in their final Twenty20 international before the World Twenty20 in March.
French Ligue 1 side Stade Pierre-Mauroy have extended the loan of Mali international striker Yannick Bissouma until the end of the season.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been celebrating the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has suspended the laboratory of Bloemfontein, South Africa, from carrying out anti-doping activities.
One of the lifeboat crew members at a Channel Islands station has resigned.
India's Virat Kohli will face Pakistan in Sunday's final of the Champions Trophy.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually abusing a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Talks aimed at averting further industrial action by the Wood Group and the Unite unions have ended without agreement.
Essex's bowlers struggled on day two of their Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A taxi driver who posed as a bomb to rob a bank has been found guilty of assault and robbery.
A former Labour leader has been appointed to the House of Lords by the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The first time we met the founder of Bitcoin, Craig Wright, we were sitting in a conference room in London.
A teenager has been charged with perverting the course of justice following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Manchester.
Plans to cut maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital are being considered by health bosses.
North Korea is believed to have been behind a massive cyber-attack on Sony Pictures in May 2017, according to a British intelligence assessment.
A new team of estate agents is to be set up in Powys to tackle the problem of rogue agents.
A couple who got engaged while watching an episode of EastEnders.
The bodies of at least 6,786 Syrian detainees who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals are authentic, Human Rights Watch says.
A senior Sinn Féin MP has called on the Northern Ireland Secretary to clarify why he did not take his seat at the McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a Sudanese club after an incident in which officials were involved in a melee.
On a street outside the White House in Washington DC, a sign stands out from the crowd.
Science reporter Gaia Vince has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, calling for a two-year period without elections.
A man has been charged after a 75-year-old woman was seriously injured in a hit-and-run incident.
Edinburgh and Edinburgh airports have welcomed the UK government's decision not to devolve the Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Northern Ireland.
Wales coach Robin McBryde will lead the national side on the summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a medieval monastery in Iraq.
Veterans who served in the armed forces are at no greater risk of suicide than the general public, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
England captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, says James Anderson.
For more than 100 years, one of Scotland's most famous landmarks has been a target for vandals.
Mae gogledd Cymru yng Nghymru wedi dweud bod nifer yr ymwelwyr i Gymru yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliadau ar draws y byd.
Health care in the home is not "joined-up" with the NHS, the Green Party and UKIP candidates have said.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog.
The founder of one of the world's most successful football clubs is to be honoured with a plaque in his honour.
A second case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
The US Secret Service has shot dead an armed security contractor who tried to board a lift with President Barack Obama in the White House.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yng Nghaerdydd.
Burmese President Thein Sein has sacked the speaker of his party, the BBC understands.
An anti-hunting campaign group has called on the government to strengthen the Hunting Act after it was referred to the Crown Prosecution Service.
Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner is no stranger to tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley has been hailed as a watershed moment for Indian technology.
Sports Direct has reported a fall in half-year profits, partly due to a "significant deterioration in exchange rates".
Canadian officials are trying to repatriate two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China, officials say.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has backed Libya's unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) has arrived in Madrid to face an anti-corruption inquiry.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that "substantial progress" has been made between his country and Bangladesh after talks in the capital, Delhi.
A former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a fellow officer more than 40 years ago.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists who stripped and urinated on a sacred peak in Malaysia have been sentenced to jail terms.
Finding Dory has dropped out of the top 10 at the UK box office.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than anywhere else in Europe, a study suggests.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's national taekwondo team will compete at the World Para World Championships in London and Manchester in 2018.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new two-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae'r ffrwd Gymraeg yn yr ysgol yn cael eu cynnig yn dref dros y degawd diwethaf yng Nghymru.
Welshman Mark Williams has been knocked out of the World Championship after failing to qualify for the first round.
Two men and a woman have been charged in connection with a protest at London's Heathrow Airport.
Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked as White House communications director.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have released four players, including striker Asamoah Ghoochannejhad and defender Motta.
A Gloucestershire police officer has been jailed for sexually exploiting vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival next year.
The lawyer for fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said the fugitive is not planning to leave Russia for now.
Norwich City manager Gary Money has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel that its military freedom of action in Syria is under threat.
A kayaker has died after his boat capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain commemorating parachutists who parachuted into a Nazi concentration camp during World War Two is in need of restoration.
Funding for a year-long cultural festival in Hull has passed its £20m target, organisers have said.
South Yorkshire Police's chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum-seekers it accepts, in response to a surge in the number seeking to enter the country.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts found during a search for MH17 airliners in eastern Ukraine.
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually assaulting a boy was not suitable to be a foster carer, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been given a stem cell transplant in Seattle.
Fossils of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Concerns have been raised about the composition of the sand and shingle mix proposed for a £22m beach recharge project in Gloucestershire.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is taking charge of the Premier League title-chasing Blues for the first time this season.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell claimed his first gold medal of the season with victory in the men's 100m freestyle at London 2012.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been elected as the new speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, following the election of Martin McGuinness as first minister.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Nelson and Barnsley midfielder Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during their FA Cup third-round tie.
Three women have been arrested on suspicion of neglect offences after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start for England in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Ireland.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in Londonderry on Thursday night.
Woody debris from the Loch Ness Monster could be the cause of unusual sightings of the creature, according to a conservation group.
The UK economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A bridge in County Durham which has been closed for more than a month due to safety concerns has reopened.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin worth more than $2m (£1.5m) from the country's national football team.
Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Mercedes dominated the race.
The life of Damien Hirst, one of Britain's most influential young artists, is to be published by a new imprint.
Aberdeen manager Derek Milne has said the club are in a "fair position" following a "challenging period" for the club.
Two dogs who were killed in a crash in Snowdonia have been moved to a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a three-year-old girl was killed in a crash.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Former Arsenal and Liverpool midfielder N'Golo Kante has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Work has started on a new £1m swimming pool at a former gym in Glasgow city centre.
Raffaele Morricone says he was "flattered" by Quentin Tarantino's willingness to work with him on his latest film.
Riki Dasaolu secured his place in the 100m at the World Championships with a superb performance in the 200m at London Stadium.
One in five children in Australia is living below the poverty line, according to a new report.
A pharmaceutical firm is to open a plant in Newcastle with the aim of creating 100 new jobs.
Leicester Lions have been taken over by promoter Dave Bates.
A teenager has died following an incident at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at Belfast Children's Hospital.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
The use of racist language by private security escorts to deport people from the UK is "shocking", MPs have said.
Scientists are investigating the role that proteins play in the development of breast cancer.
People living with HIV should start treatment sooner rather than later to reduce their risk of developing the virus, a major new study has suggested.
Carrick Rangers have signed Irish Premiership side Crusaders on a deal until the end of the season.
Farmers in England are to be allowed to maintain their own drainage ditches up to 1.5km in length from April, under government plans.
A British man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man for the second time in three years.
Holidaymakers are being targeted by a growing number of fraudsters, according to a new report by Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some Muslim and Christian schools in England are failing to show proper respect for women and children.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitch Santner will miss the rest of the season with a finger injury.
West Ham Ladies have agreed a deal with the club's women's football board to secure the long-term future of the club.
There is a "systematic eradication" of drama education in schools and a lack of diversity behind the scenes, a Labour inquiry has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Crystal Palace.
Leyton Orient manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1m by Fifa after his claim that he had been sacked by Al Ahli.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson, ex-Sun editor Karen Brooks and five other former staff members have appeared at the Old Bailey charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
A total of 26 athletes have been charged with doping offences by the Italian Anti-Doping Agency.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her house on fire has been jailed for four years.
A Mexican footballer who was kidnapped while on holiday in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas threatened and beat the kidnapper while on the phone, officials say.
Leicester City suffered their first away defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Bournemouth.
The French Football Federation is to appeal against the suspension of Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa.
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to merge police forces in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of Gloucestershire's police force, the county's police and crime commissioner has said.
Plans to cut 1,400 jobs and increase council tax in a bid to save £134m have been approved by a council.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it hires its top executives, as part of a shake-up of its hiring process.
Liverpool extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Leicester.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A couple have become the first in the world to marry in a Pastafarian church.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged seven people with hacking into Yahoo's email accounts, including Russian hacker Alexander Baratov.
The Football Supporters Federation (FSF) has urged fans not to pay an administration fee to clubs to keep secondary ticket prices low.
A massive email dump of data belonging to the chief executive of the Ashley Madison social networking website has been released to the media.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to rise by more than 1.5 million between mid-2014 and mid-2038.
Conor Thomas scored the only goal of the game as Swindon recorded their first win of the season with victory over Millwall.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing more than a month ago have launched a national appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges of delivering wind turbine parts.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to spot the most common types of skin cancer, according to US researchers.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea "will not play" in Saturday's Premier League match against Tottenham.
Former Premier League footballer Carlisle has been banned from driving for three years after failing to give a breath sample.
A flooded road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks.
A dog that was found dead in woodland in Somerset has been released back into the wild.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the end of World War Two.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Salgar, a town in northern Italy, to pay their respects to those killed in a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela and Venezuela are on the brink of civil war.
One of the UK's most iconic bell towers is to be turned off for four years, the BBC has learned.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side's 2-2 draw with Real Madrid was not the best result for his side.
An animal rights activist has told a court he was not present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hounds at a hunt in the Borders.
A conman who stole almost £100,000 from a Cardiff car parts company has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his former colleagues.
Russia's agriculture minister has told the BBC that a ban on the importation of wine and other products from the European Union would be "radical".
A British man arrested in India over alleged weapons offences has had his case heard by the country's Supreme Court.
The number of vacancies in the NHS in Scotland has risen by more than 50% year on year, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his four-year-old son was punched in the stomach by his partner, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy search and rescue mission on the sunken HMS Coventry has said it was like "visiting a war grave".
Two offshore tidal sites off Anglesey have been granted planning permission by the Welsh government.
AP McCoy has been crowned champion jockey of the world for a record 20th time at the Cheltenham Festival.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who suffer delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "deeply concerned" by allegations that the US spied on her phone.
Swansea City have won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in their history, with the club's under-21s making their debut in the competition.
Plans to turn part of a road near Stonehenge into a dual carriageway are "not an improvement worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said the party has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" after the vote closed.
The chancellor has refused to say whether he would cut the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the most persecuted ethnic groups in the world.
In the past, inheritance tax (ITT) - or inheritance tax - has been a relatively minor issue.
Dundee-based savings provider Alliance Trust Savings is to be sold to Brewin Dolphin, the owner of the Scottish savings business.
The BBC has announced plans to introduce 40 new languages across the world in the run-up to its centenary in 2022.
A bus driver has been found guilty of fraud which could have cost more than £1m.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning during his wedding ceremony.
Children who play with touchscreens on a daily basis have less sleep than those who do not, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed prop Laurence Pope on a two-year deal, and prop Liam Moyle on a three-year contract.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be required to stream their public meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Ben Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Bath to cement their place in the Premiership's top four.
Meet Nikki, she's one of the UK's most popular social media stars.
Footballer Robert Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with driving while a baby was in the arms of a passenger.
Somalia's government has released a video purportedly showing a suspected al-Shabab attack on a Turkish Airlines flight to Djibouti.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Argentina's presidential election has been greeted with a mixture of disbelief and relief.
The mother of a man who was stabbed 39 times in a "ferocious" attack has told a court she feared her son was involved in the attack.
Investors in a Grade II listed pier in Northamptonshire are to be given shares worth £300,000 to help fund its restoration.
Microsoft has admitted it searched the accounts of a blogger who posted screenshots of the unreleased Windows 8 operating system to his blog.
Arriva Trains Wales has told Transport Secretary Ken Skates it will take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A South African university has voted to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes from its campus.
Newport County director of rugby Gareth Davies says the club's owner Graham Westley should focus on preparing his side for their Premiership match at Rodney Parade.
A record 66.6% of pupils in Wales got A* to A grades in the GCSE exams, the latest results show.
East Midlands Airport is one of the busiest airports in the UK.
More than 100 suspected British fugitives are wanted in Spain, police have said.
Andy Murray has defended Andy Murray after the Scot was caught on camera swearing during the Australian Open final.
The States of Jersey has warned people not to disturb coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by the government.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts following his release by Cambridge United.
A body has been found in a river in Cumbria, police have said.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being attacked by his family's dog in Newcastle.
A man has been refused bail after his dog chewed at his ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has welcomed the government's offer to buy Tata Steel in a management buyout.
A horse-riding man has said he will be "going nowhere" after McDonald's refused him a drive-thru.
Gary Neville suffered his first defeat as Valencia manager as Jony Sanabria's first-half goal gave them a 2-1 win at Jony Caballero.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of an environmental campaigner in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet can help people lose weight, according to US researchers.
Safety concerns have been raised at an overcrowded prison.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the British Athletics team for the European Indoor Championships.
Ed Miliband has promised to "never privatise" the NHS if he wins the election, Labour has said.
Some health boards in Scotland are spending more than £5,000 a day on meals and snacks, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in revenues and profits for the three months to 26 December.
A court in London has begun hearing evidence against London-based trader David Sarao, who is accused of causing a stock market "flash crash".
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at Wimbledon for the first time in their history.
Australia's foreign ministry has asked Sydney International Airport to investigate a security check carried out on Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at an industrial estate in Londonderry.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and judgements in hundreds of cases has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder David van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
Firefighters in the US state of California are battling a major wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes and forced thousands to flee their homes.
Oil and gas compressors firm Vert Rotors has secured a £1m investment to expand its operations in Edinburgh.
The Bank of Scotland is to introduce a plastic version of its main issue note in October.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
When Dutee Chand was just a few months old, she was already one of India's most exciting young athletes.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "a crazy attempt to create conditions" for its relations with Israel.
A petition calling for Cardiff Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales has been submitted to the assembly.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the death of a woman in Hampshire.
Brian Cookson says British Cycling was "closely involved" in how the organisation was run, despite the recent Michael Phelps review.
You can send in your questions to BBC Scotland's election debate on Wednesday, 8 June at 09:00 BST.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has called for a "revolution" in the face of "bias, prejudices and attacks" from the British press.
The cost of weddings and funeral services in the Church of England is to rise by more than a third.
The families of two soldiers who died in World War One have been reunited with their loved ones at a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae feddygon teulu yn amau sydd â chanser ond ddim yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau ar draws y Deyrnas Unedig.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Wycombe Wanderers.
Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first Twenty20 international in Cape Town.
An abandoned chameleon has been found abandoned in a Ceredigion park.
The campsite layout for this year's T in the Park music festival has been overhauled in a bid to attract more than 90,000 people.
The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has received a second acoustic signal from China's Haixan 01, Australian officials say.
If you're suffering from depression or anxiety, playing a video game can be a great way to deal with it.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past year.
Tributes have been paid to a rugby coach who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson for an undisclosed fee.
Birmingham City have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan for an undisclosed fee.
A 42-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
A football club once dubbed "the underdog" is set to get its own movie.
When India hosted the first World Cup in 1958, it was hailed as a "historic moment" in the country's history.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come back from 1-0 down to beat Aston Villa.
Mick Fanning has been knocked out of the World Surf League's Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after the death of his brother, Peter.
Germany's Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the 2017 Tour de Yorkshire with victory in the second stage.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun after a security alert in north London.
At the start of the Fifa Congress in Zurich this week, a delegation from the Palestinian Football Association (PFA) and the Israeli Football Federation (RFF) were discussing their concerns about the state of football in the West Bank.
Plans to redevelop Euston railway station are "the worst of the lot", an MP has said.
Plans for more than 1,000 student 'beds' in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The UK spent an all-time high on film production in 2014, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
Pupils are being invited to play classical music at this year's BBC Proms.
Britain's Adam Mitchell-Blake has become the first man to run under 20 seconds at an Olympic Games.
Guinea's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup were dealt a blow as they lost 1-0 to Argentina in the last 16.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of knifepoint robberies across Birmingham have been jailed.
Dundee United's owner has confirmed that the club is planning to buy land near the city's Dens Park stadium.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win a Grand Slam singles title for 23 years as she beat sister Venus in the Australian Open final in Melbourne.
EastEnders star Tom Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in Glasgow and East Renfrewshire have been unveiled by the Scottish government.
The Green Party in Wales has pledged to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans are being drawn up to improve a park in Blaby which has been in use for more than 30 years.
Scotland captain Graeme Coetzer believes his side can build on their eight-wicket win over Afghanistan in the one-day series in Edinburgh on Monday.
A house once owned by The Beatles singer George Harrison has sold at auction for more than £250,000.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Pembrokeshire.
The family of a man who died 23 years ago have been told they could be left "half of him" after police kept his body parts for 23 years.
Peterborough United boss Paul McCann says he is "devastated" by the extent of the midfielder's broken leg.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Wednesday as investors reacted to a raft of new share offerings due next week.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer of a dual contract for Wales scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs from a prison after it became stuck on its roof.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-prisoners in England and Wales have found a new way to help them find work.
Human remains found in a mass grave in the Mexican state of Morelos are to be exhumed, officials say.
Plants and animals are at greater risk of extinction as a result of climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a new M4 motorway through the Gwent Levels have been rejected by the environment regulator.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast.
The chair of the Grenfell Tower inquiry has sent a letter to the prime minister asking him to set out the scope of the inquiry.
A German official has been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of the children's book Matilda has been cancelled after the actress was unable to sing the first half of the show.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) has called on the Scottish government to do more to tackle "excessive" parking charges on private land.
Labour has retained all but one of its seats in Cardiff North following the general election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, according to official results.
Is the decision by the Opec group of oil exporters to cut production a sign that the price of crude is stabilising?
Argentina striker Mehmedi says Lionel Messi is "unbelievable" ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Switzerland.
David Cameron has always been a big fan of the walkabout.
A man has been charged in connection with a sexual assault at an Aberdeen military base.
Southend United have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb and Shrewsbury defender Liam McAllister on loan until January.
Officials in India have refused permission for a documentary about caste in the meat industry to be shown at the Tata Film Festival in Mumbai.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found some of the world's oldest flooring at the site of the Second Temple.
Salmon exports rose in the first half of the year, outpacing whisky exports, a trade body has said.
Promotion-chasing Wycombe Wanderers have been drawn away to Scunthorpe United in the first round of the Under-21 FA Cup.
A County Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young people are more likely to fall victim to identity theft than older people, a survey suggests.
The death of a 31-year-old man in Edinburgh is being treated as murder, police have said.
The number of people arrested as part of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000.
A teenager has admitted hacking the social networking site Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her three children who were found dead in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on Tuesday to choose their preferred party to represent their constituencies in the general election.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of artifacts from the Battle of the Alamo to the city of San Antonio.
Castleford Tigers secured a sixth straight Super League win as they thrashed 10-man Wakefield Trinity at Twickenham.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United have "given themselves a chance" to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "huge" iguana has been perched on a tree in Suffolk for three months.
It's one of the biggest music awards in the world, and it's taking place in London tonight.
The European Space Agency's flagship space observatory has arrived at its new home in Stevenage.
Uber has been rocked by a sexual harassment claim made by one of its drivers.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea to Real Madrid on time.
A ban on laptops and tablets in the cabin of planes from the Middle East is coming.
Details of Belgium's prime minister, Charles Michel, and his official residence have been found on the doorstep of the chancellery of Brussels airport, reports say.
A Chinese fruit-seller has died after he was allegedly beaten to death by the city's chengguan police force, state media report.
Ajax midfielder Middag has signed a new two-year contract with the French club.
Robin van Persie has been discharged from hospital after suffering an eye injury in Fenerbahce's first game of the season.
Danny Hylton scored a stoppage-time winner as League Two promotion hopefuls Luton were held to a draw by Exeter.
US rap star Kendrick Lamar has released a new album, titled Untitled Unmastered, on the same day as his smash smash To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have been taking part in this year's Winter Wonderland in the Czech Republic.
Manchester City Council has announced a pay rise of more than 20% over the next three years.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of the country's national anthem, O Canada.
A former USA Gymnastics doctor is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing children under the age of 13.
The family of a suffragette jailed for plotting to kill the prime minister during World War One are to be honoured in Derby.
The families of five people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Canada have paid tribute to them.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale.
Tottenham midfielder Asamoah Bentaleb has joined Bundesliga side Gelsenkirchen for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death in front of their two young children has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed the penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Raith Rovers.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The owner of Argos, Homebase and Homebase has reported a fall in like-for-like sales for the first three months of the year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the "supply-side" of revolution.
Vanessa Bell Armstrong, who was eliminated from the US version of The Voice, has died at the age of 47.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in one of the UK's biggest cycling events.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has been shot dead and her husband injured in an attack at a municipal office.
A man has been jailed for five years for causing grievous bodily harm by dangerous driving after a police officer was hit by a stolen car.
A man has died after being rescued from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend told police she feared he was stalking her, a court has heard.
A collection of vintage prams from a Nottingham family business has sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets to win the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy is the youngest person to be investigated for sexting, the BBC has learned.
A man has been jailed for five years for making bomb threats to Bristol Airport.
England secured a record-equalling 404-3 victory over Australia in the first Test at The Oval.
Super League side Newcastle Giants have extended the contract of back-rower Taniela Ta'ai for another two years.
Lenovo and Acer have announced bigger battery packs for their next generation of smartphones.
Processed meat has been classified as a carcinogen by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Southern rail conductors are to stage two days of strike action in a row over pay and conditions.
A dissident republican paramilitary group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer John Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's EU citizens' rights offer to the UK is a "good start".
Kim Sung-yueng shot a five-under-par 66 to win the Women's British Open by one shot from American Charley Hull.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a far-right party after it published a photo of her with a man who took his own life.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has become the first woman to win a sport climbing gold medal at the Tokyo Olympics.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy producer, is to sell its dairies business to a German firm.
UK consumers are "skinting" as they struggle to keep pace with shop prices, according to Visa.
A wheelchair user has said he was left "horrified" after being stuck in a train door.
A historic fountain in a Denbighshire town is to be supplied with water from a natural lake.
On Tuesday, British astronaut Tim Peake will get his first lift-off from the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found with gunshot wounds in Lincolnshire.
Jenson Button secured his first win of the season as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The death toll from heavy rain in Japan has risen to 23, officials say, as rescuers continue to search for survivors.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how tablet devices are changing the way we watch TV.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Ben Davies and Callum Waddington.
The number of grey seal pups on the Norfolk coast has reached a record high, a ranger has said.
The number of extinct gibbons in China has fallen dramatically over the past 150 years, according to new research.
MPs have rejected a bid by the SNP and Plaid Cymru to delay a rise in the value-added tax (VAT).
The threat to Wales' economy is "far deeper than steel", Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group is to invest £1bn in the eastern edge of Manchester city centre, the city council has announced.
Liverpool are back in the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Laura Waters won the British Open for the second time in three years with victory over Jamie Waters in Nottingham.
It's not every day that Jeremy Corbyn is suspended from the Labour Party.
The studio behind the hit Disney animation Frozen is to release a sequel, the studio has announced.
Wembley Stadium will host the Women's FA Cup final in front of a record crowd of 32,912.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit a career-best 63 to help his side take control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the men's 10,000m at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo has been on the rise on UK beaches for the past few years, according to the Marine Conservation Society.
Chelsea captain John Terry has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Leicester.
Six members of an international organised crime gang have been jailed for more than a decade for their part in a series of major jewellery and artefacts thefts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what's going on in Kenya and Tanzania.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important economic institutions.
An Everton fan has raised more than £50,000 for a hospice after swimming the English Channel.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side's FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal showed they have a "losing mentality".
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend was disappointed with his side's performance in the 1872 Cup semi-final defeat by Edinburgh.
The Clyde's largest shipyard, Govan Shipbuilders, is celebrating its 70th anniversary.
A "jealous" ex-boyfriend carried out a "vengeful" acid attack on his ex-girlfriend, a court heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be included in Roy Hodgson's England squad for next month's World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania and Italy, says former striker Paul Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Vasek Pospisil 6-3 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals of the French Open.
The designer of Etch A Sketch, one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died aged 90.
The government is to sell off its stake in the UK's green investment bank, it has been announced.
A solar-powered mobile phone charging booth has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its battery recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing boys.
The US space agency Nasa has released the final picture of its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A Labour MP has criticised a health board for not releasing the full report of an investigation into the death of her husband.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
Children are being taught in "unhygienic and filthy accommodation" as part of an investigation into illegal schools in England, the education watchdog says.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to reject new proposals for the city's City Garden Project.
A plaque is to be unveiled at the home where a Royal Navy submariner was killed during World War Two.
Lionel Messi has rejected a request by Spanish prosecutors to drop tax fraud charges against the footballer.
Rangers have been drawn at home to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
Hospitals in Cheshire and Merseyside could be forced to cut gluten free prescriptions in a bid to cut costs.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would personally serve under Donald Trump if asked by the president-elect.
"I don't have time to go to temples," says Lai Hsiao, a volunteer at a recycling centre in Taiwan.
A garden has opened at the Noah's Ark children's hospital in Cardiff.
More than half of new mothers in Wales who breastfeed do so because they do not have enough milk, a survey has suggested.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her two young children into Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State.
The European Union has agreed to set up a common list of tax havens in response to the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic have completed the signing of Nigeria international defender Emmanuel Ambrose on loan from Blackburn Rovers.
Arctic terns have been attacked by walkers with sticks and stones in Aberdeenshire.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Monday, boosted by a rise in Bank of America shares.
Sir Philip Green says he is in "very strong dialogue" with the pensions regulator to find a solution to the pension crisis at BHS.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakawara will leave the club at the end of the season.
Batsman Axar Patel has signed a new two-year contract with Northamptonshire.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders has written to the prime minister urging him to reopen the defence review into the evacuation of UK nationals from Libya.
Scientists say they have found a new place to live in the ocean.
Bored people are more likely to give themselves a mild electric shock out of boredom, a study suggests.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of dangerous dogs offences after a 10-year-old girl was attacked by a dog.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in an "altercation" in south-east London.
A species of spider that uses silk to control its movements has been discovered by Taiwanese scientists.
Exeter Chiefs have strengthened their squad for next season by extending the contracts of Tom Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Joe Atkins.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says the club's new ownership structure will be "better than they are at the moment".
It's that time of year again - the start of the new Premier League season.
The fallout from the so-called "bedroom tax" makes the front page of the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits in 2015, helped by a surge in online orders.
National League side Leyton Orient have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a bomb attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
The leader of the Northern Ireland Assembly, Jim Murphy, has said his party has been "overwhelmed" by the support of the DUP.
When President Barack Obama arrived at the African Union's headquarters in Nairobi on Tuesday, he was greeted by a loud cheer.
Northern Ireland motorcyclist David Farquhar has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash at the North West 200.
More needs to be done to prevent children trespassing on railway tracks, a charity has said.
Tiger Woods has said he is taking medication to manage his back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has been agreed in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the United Nations says.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have been drawn against each other in the draw for the Europa League last 32.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in which 11 people were living.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, French President Francois Hollande has been accused of betraying the country's values.
The Green Party has said it will support a tax on sanitary products in a bid to end a row over the issue.
A cash machine has been blown up during a robbery in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op Insurance has been ordered to provide more details of the extra charges it charges motorists for no claims bonus.
Prosecutors in South Africa have been granted permission to appeal against the conviction of athlete Oscar Pistorius for premeditated murder.
Russia's foreign minister has said the US has "more and more reasons to believe" that it is trying to save the regime of President Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
China's communist leaders have banned a controversial documentary about air pollution, after it was praised by the country's new environment minister.
A man has been left in a critical condition after a gang forced their way into his house in west Belfast.
Jake Sheppard's late winner earned Dagenham a 2-1 win over Bromley in the National League.
The number of children being sexually exploited in England and Wales is likely to be much higher than previously thought, says a report.
Scottish distiller Edrington has appointed Crawford Gillies as its new chairman.
(Close): The pound strengthened against the dollar on Monday, extending gains seen in the previous session.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message from their new leader, in which a crying baby is heard crying.
Worcestershire opened their County Championship Division Two campaign with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan at Edgbaston.
A lollipop driver has told a court he is "truly sorry" for causing the death of a schoolgirl by dangerous driving.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Tributes have been paid to a "brilliant son and brother" who disappeared during a triathlon event.
Barcelona say they have paid a tax bill of 13,550,830.56 euros for the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's top investor in the clean energy sector, according to new data.
A temporary footbridge is to be built in a North Yorkshire town to help reunite it with its residents, the county council has said.
A football club has returned to its home town of Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 friction lock batons disguised as stun guns from China.
Christoph Mueller, the chief executive of Malaysian Airlines, has announced he is stepping down.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after being found lying on the ground in West Lothian.
A contestant on Channel 5's Dancing With the Stars has been mocked by viewers for having a spray tan on his face.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has been accused of lying about his childhood indiscretions.
Nigeria's Football Association (Fifa) has launched an investigation into former Fifa executive committee member Ibrahim Adamu.
African art is one of the most lucrative forms of entertainment in Africa.
Astronomers have made some of the most detailed maps yet of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill to criminalise the publication of false stories on social media.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho "should have said very little" about the conduct of his assistant Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of the leader of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
Meet George the dog, he loves to shop!
At least 30 migrants have been rescued from a dinghy off the coast of Libya after an attack by armed men on a speedboat, a German charity has said.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The SNP spent more than £10m on its general election campaign than the Lib Dems, the Electoral Commission has revealed.
Haven Haven have appointed former St Helens and Castleford Tigers prop Tom Forster as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US Republican leaders have warned President-elect Donald Trump that cutting foreign aid would be a "disaster".
Is Mumbai's Bellandur Lake really the most beautiful place in the world?
Two people have been arrested in connection with the death of a pensioner in a Vale of Glamorgan.
Organisers of the World Para Athletics Championships in London have unveiled a new design featuring the reverse of the competition.
A ban on the production, sale and supply of so-called legal highs has led to the closure of more than 100 shops across England and Wales.
All images subject to copyright, copyright and permission.
The Nasdaq stock exchange was hit by a glitch on Monday morning.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for taking indecent photographs of women at two railway stations in Edinburgh.
World leaders are meeting in Rwanda to try to reach a deal to phase out the most dangerous greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone firm EE has tested its internet drones in rural areas in the UK in a bid to boost mobile coverage.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England is "one of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in".
David Cameron has apologised for referring to a London mayoral candidate as a supporter of so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm in Skye have been approved by councillors.
The government has said it is confident it can pass its Brexit bill despite opposition from the Scottish and Welsh governments.
Ride-sharing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn (Â£770m) a year in China.
Parents whose children were due to attend a children's day camp have been told they will be refunded.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb following his victory over Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airport in County Fermanagh.
Preston legend Sir Tom Finney has died at the age of 91 after a long illness.
Crawley Town have re-signed Dutch striker Marc Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the intelligence agency, the National Security Agency (ISI), to replace the outgoing chief.
The death of a baby boy at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary was caused by a series of missed chances, an inquest has heard.
The government's draft banking reform bill falls well short of what is required to prevent banks breaking up, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A British tourist has died while snorkelling on a reef in Australia.
The venom of venomous funnel web spiders could be used to treat stroke, a study suggests.
Proposals for a joint training college for Northern Ireland's fire and rescue services have been revised, the BBC understands.
A 70-year-old man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
A group of blind players gather on the grass in Berbice, on the outskirts of the capital, Georgetown.
Jack Johnson, the 10-year-old rugby league star from Wigan, has been diagnosed with a rare disease which has left him in a wheelchair.
A woman jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries businessman has lost an appeal against her conviction.
American swimmer Ryan Lochte has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with the fast-food brand Speedo, citing "immature, intoxicated behaviour".
Durham sealed their place in the One-Day Cup semi-finals with victory over Hampshire at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season.
Belfast Harbour has unveiled plans for one of the largest office developments in Northern Ireland.
Four-year-old Claire is hoping to become the first person in the world to walk the London Marathon unaided.
California's jails have been criticized by the US justice department for overcrowding and overcrowding.
A man in South Yorkshire has been able to grow a new fruit in his garden.
Dennis Nalbandian may be the most famous tennis player in the world, but he's not the only one who gets frustrated on court.
Chris Froome's victory in the Tour de France was "incredible", says Team Sky team-mate Dave Brailsford.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a 3,000-year-old fruit berry.
Lee Canning believes Pedro Caixinha's style of play will change when he takes charge of Rangers on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has carried out its first test flight of a robotic spacecraft.
Plans to redevelop a former high school in the Isle of Man have been put back by a month.
Former Greek Finance Minister Konstantinos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a confidential list of HSBC bank account holders.
A hospital has been criticised for selling a "gold plated" blackout blind in a bid to meet fire and infection control regulations.
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for seven years for raping a pensioner in her south London home.
The number of IVF cycles available to women in Scotland should be reviewed, according to a fertility charity.
Hospitals in England are failing to meet the four-hour waiting time target for accident and emergency departments, according to a report.
Trams have been tested in Manchester as part of a £1bn expansion of the city centre.
US drugmaker Mylan has announced a generic version of its EpiPen allergy treatment in response to rising prices.
Kell Brook will be out for six months after fracturing his eye socket in his fight with Gennady Golovkin.
Birmingham City Council has announced it will pull out of next month's City of Culture race.
Crystal Palace striker Florian Bolasie has signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Michael Gove has said the UK will have to negotiate with other countries to get access to UK fisheries after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has been placed on a ventilator.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One match between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested in connection with an explosion at a Tesco store.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in Edinburgh have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The chief constable of Humberside Police has called for parents to be allowed to take holidays during the summer.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the SNP in the run-up to the general election.
American football is back in full swing, with more than a million fans in the United States cheering on the national team.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of his six-year-old daughter, who was taken from him by her grandfather.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat 10-man Taunton and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Adelaide Strikers have signed Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram for the 2017 Big Bash competition.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) should move jobs out of Newport, a union has said.
At a refugee camp in the Iraqi city of Sinjar, just outside the city of Mosul, a group of women and girls sat quietly, listening to the story of how the so-called Islamic State (IS) came to the area.
Michael Clarke marked his return from injury with a century on the opening day of the first Test against England, which was overshadowed by the death of Hughes.
Bristol railway station has temporarily closed to the public for 24 hours to improve access for the disabled.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a major cyber attack.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in the 1970s film Thunderball, has died at the age of 87.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
An unbeaten century from AB de Kock and Hashim Amla helped South Africa take control of the third one-day international against England.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the UK's withdrawal from the European Union is having little impact on its members' day-to-day business.
A double-decker bus has been destroyed in a fire at Bishopsgate Junction in south London.
Morrisons has raised the wholesale price of Marmite by more than a third following a row over production costs.
One of Scotland's most iconic buildings has been unveiled in Glasgow.
Labour's shadow foreign secretary Owen Smith has called on the UK to respect the will of Scotland.
Kumar Sangakkara has been honoured by the Sri Lanka Cricket board for his contribution to Test cricket.
High winds and heavy rain have caused major disruption in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has said it will not raise the milk intervention price for Northern Ireland's dairy industry.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha was disappointed with his side's 1-1 draw with Hearts at Ibrox.
The first otter to be reintroduced to Scotland is due to visit Hokkaido later.
When I arrived in the capital, Bangkok, I was in a rush to find a new pair of shoes.
UKIP has apologised after a candidate made a "disgusting" comment about the cost of treating British HIV sufferers.
Barcelona striker Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a routine test of its Falcon rocket.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, as far as possible.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra took two wickets to help his side earn a draw against Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People living outside Wales may not be able to stand as an assembly candidate unless they are registered as "living in Wales".
There are plenty of questions about how the Tories will spend their election manifesto.
Former Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is set to leave the team at the end of the season.
A knife has gone missing from a prison in Northumberland, a union has said.
A 91-year-old man who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national speedway record has been named.
The family of a British man who went missing in Thailand last month have said they are devastated by his death.
Women's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies have announced they are changing their name.
A man whose body was found in woodland in Surrey has been named by police.
The death of a British teacher in China was caused by carbon monoxide poisoning, a coroner has ruled.
MPs have voted to back the Conservatives' plan to allow future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing.
The world's oldest carnival is to return to Leeds for the first time in more than 50 years.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he feels "like a football player again" after making his return from a knee injury.
A 19-year-old Pakistani man has been charged with conspiracy to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Brighton and Hove Albion moved to the top of the Championship with victory over Ipswich Town.
A cash machine and a van have been stolen during a raid on a shop in Bristol.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said she will never be forgotten.
A record number of people have taken part in skiing and snow boarding in the Scottish Highlands this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told him he is getting a letter of support from the republican people.
Have you ever wondered what it might be like to live in a museum?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
DUP health minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of its links with the IRA.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who was trying to groom other underage girls, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
A parade has taken place in Donegal to mark the Twelfth anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne.
What do the manifestos for the assembly election mean for Wales?
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club are "a little bit short" of new signings.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester in League Two.
China is "committing to do something about it", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Tributes have been paid to a police community support officer who died after a battle with cancer.
Wales has the highest number of homes in the UK having access to super-fast internet, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Powys.
Repairs to a church spire damaged by woodpeckers have been completed following a lottery grant.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called a phone number for a former prisoner of war, according to a Politico report.
President Barack Obama has hailed the "historic" opening of health insurance exchanges in the US, saying it will free millions of Americans from the "fear of going broke".
A security alert in Londonderry has ended.
The US safety regulator has unveiled new guidelines on the use of electronic devices in cars.
A delegation from Northern Ireland, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDP) has arrived in Colombia for the first time.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Sam Lyth hit a career-best century as Yorkshire dominated day two of their County Championship Division One match against Surrey at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£1,000 for causing a crash in Crawley which left four people injured.
Channel 5's Ken Morley is facing fresh complaints about his behaviour on the Channel 5 soap.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix to a burst water main in the Republic of Ireland could take up to 18 months.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint at a shop in Londonderry.
Sinn Féin MLA Michael Eastwood is to challenge SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A North Lanarkshire town has won the coveted Carbuncle award for the best town centre in Scotland.
Cannabis with an estimated street value of £1m has been found at a property in Douglas, County Antrim.
Welsh Labour only gets to be the natural party of Wales if it consistently re-invigorate itself, a former shadow minister has said.
Former captain Annika Sorenstam believes Hull could be a top-10 player in the world by the end of next year.
A £1m investment in a German-based tracking company has failed to materialise, the BBC has learned.
Bangladesh has restored electricity to most of the country after a major power cut left the country without electricity for several hours.
The culture minister, Carál Ní Chuilín, has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
NHS England is to introduce a "fast-track" way to pay for innovative cancer drugs, as part of a major shake-up of the fund.
A pub publican who stabbed a gay man with a steak knife has been jailed for five years.
Three London schoolgirls who fled to Syria to join the Islamic State group have been married, their families have told the BBC.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged by the Football Association for refusing to move away from the pitch during his side's defeat by Burnley.
Two 17th Century cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital where patients with learning disabilities were subjected to "unacceptable" levels of abuse, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of US student Amanda Kercher, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for her murder.
Defending champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "damaged for a while" after suffering a second-round collapse at the Masters.
A British 10,000m runner has accused athletics' governing body of "a waste of money and training" after he was quarantined for 48 hours amid a norovirus outbreak.
Danny Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough beat 10-man Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
Former First Minister Ian Paisley has been interviewed by the BBC about his views on the signing of the Ulster Covenant.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian striker Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian police have arrested 12 people in raids linked to the Paris attacks, prosecutors say.
Prime Minister Theresa May has met victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in west London and pledged £5m of support to them.
Leigh Centurions have completed the signing of Red Devils half-back Luke Chase on a two-year contract, subject to a medical.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted has been secured for a further two years.
Mining giant Anglo American is to cut 85,000 jobs as part of a $3.7bn (Â£2.4bn) restructuring, the company has announced.
French cyclist Bernard Demoitie died after being hit by a motorbike during a race on Sunday, his team has said.
Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with Ulster.
The US space agency has sent back a small amount of dust from the asteroid Bennu.
A Cambridge University professor has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to Japan under international civil legislation.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
Three bodies have been found in a field in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A cyclone has hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The number of Syrian refugees coming to the UK is "much the same as it's been over the last few months", the government's refugee minister Danny Harrington has said.
A "grave misgivings" have been raised about the cost of charging indigent criminals to pay court costs, MPs have said.
Asda has admitted that its website was infected with malware that could have exposed customers' details to hackers.
A drug-smuggling pilot has been jailed for attempting to murder a homeless man in his flat.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 in extra-time to win the men's Olympic football gold medal.
The Royal Mint is to introduce a 12-sided version of its £1 coin in October.
Andy Murray's former coach Tomas Lendl says he is considering returning to tennis coaching.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh.
Former West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year deal.
If you're looking for a fatherly word of encouragement, look no further than David Llewellin.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy chain has announced plans to merge its two campuses, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
German police have charged seven people in connection with an attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has defended his decision to allow cabinet ministers to campaign for the UK to remain in the EU.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, star of the documentary Making a Murderer, can be freed from prison within 90 days.
Cyber-security researchers have abandoned a plan to sell vulnerabilities to a group that sells them for free.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for £10m.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to press ahead with plans to force all schools in England to become academies, a think tank has said.
A total of 11 missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, the BBC has announced.
Transport firm Menzies has revised its full-year profit outlook after service levels at London Gatwick were restored.
Boris Johnson's planned visit to Moscow to discuss the Syrian crisis has been called off by Russia.
A police force's poster warning children not to be afraid of the police has gone viral on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating a claim that Lord Janner sexually abused children in the 1970s and 1980s.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge with Lincoln City Ladies.
Northern Ireland's flag protests are damaging the image of a "forward-looking, modern Northern Ireland", the secretary of state has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Taylor Swift has said she will not get married until the law on same-sex marriage is passed in Australia.
England wrapped up their Women's Six Nations title with a comfortable victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
Taking a drug to prevent the loosening of a joint could cut the number of knee and hip replacements in the UK, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of six babies.
A head teacher has warned that the so-called Trojan Horse scandal is the "tip of the iceberg" in tackling extremism in schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to draw with Bristol Rovers.
Protests have broken out in the Philippines against the development of genetically modified rice (GM).
Fabian Delph's decision to turn down a move to Manchester City was one of the most dramatic developments in the summer transfer window.
The A&E department at a Middlesex hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission following a series of serious incidents in the past year.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give evidence to an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
When Paul Ryan was arrested in New Zealand in 2000, he was caught with thousands of pounds worth of drugs.
A new Urdu degree course has been launched at the University of Reading in the Pakistani city of Karachi.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of "brazenly plundering" oil from the so-called Islamic State group.
Thousands of people have been posing for selfies with armed police at Download.
The European Council president has said there will be no "serious negotiations" over the UK's exit from the EU.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to December.
Chinese police say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of alcohol and a powder used to make Viagra, the most popular drink in the country.
Banes in Bath and North East Somerset are expected to be cleared by the weekend following a pay dispute.
Email addresses, phone numbers and other personal details have been stolen by a cyber-attack on TalkTalk, the telecoms firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after a three-under-par 66 in the third round of the PGA Championship.
A carbon fibre production car has broken the world speed record for the fastest production car in Europe.
A British soldier has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Uganda.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if James Davies was hit on the head by James Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he's found a set of lost F-1 engines.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this weekend for the city's biggest ice sculpture festival.
DJs The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have teamed up to record a dance track in Ghana's capital, Accra.
Leicester City fans have described the way staff dealt with "thousands" of people attempting to gain access to the club's FA Cup third-round replay.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after disappointing jobs figures.
Kevin Pietersen is set to miss the final Test against South Africa at Lord's next week.
Scientists say they have a complete picture of the causes of breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to strike in a row over job losses.
Dundee United moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish League thanks to a comfortable win over Raith Rovers.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with an eight-wicket win over Kent at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were hit by a car pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died when her lifejacket caught on a buoyancy aid have launched a safety campaign.
Aston Villa have activated the departure clause on striker Idrissa Gueye, who is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Nigeria have been shortlisted for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year award.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a collision with a bus in Bath.
Olympic silver medallist David Pollock has won the Welsh Half Marathon Championships in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has urged the government to open dialogue with opposition leaders.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after anti-Islamic messages were posted on social media.
Johan Cruyff's family have paid tribute to the Dutch legend by paying tribute to him on social media.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over American qualifier Anett Kontaveit.
A new flag has been unveiled in Belfast city centre to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Kris Meeke secured his second World Rally Championship victory of the season with victory in the penultimate stage of the event in Sweden.
A Baidu executive has been arrested in China for allegedly driving a self-driving car with his hands off the steering wheel.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 90.
Joe Charnley is relishing the challenge of switching to rugby league.
Israel's new police chief has been sworn in in a ceremony in the occupied West Bank.
In a cafe in Consett, a group of young men gather around a fire extinguisher.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias has undergone surgery to repair a broken hand he cut during a concert in Mexico.
There is "real scope" for de-criminalising cannabis, a former police commissioner has said.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against Maori on Monday.
Deaf people are being discriminated against because they do not declare they are deaf on their CV, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a shopping centre in Liverpool.
The United Nations has named Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is not liable for negligence over the death of a Royal Marine who fell off a beach in Spain, a High Court judge has ruled.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in Donald Trump, after meeting the US president-elect.
It has been an eventful start to the European Championship.
A transsexual woman jailed for sexually assaulting a fellow inmate is to appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued from the water after their car became stuck in a lake in Hertfordshire.
The BBC Micro Computer was one of the most popular computers in the UK at the time.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ryan Pigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer David Thorne is to co-write a TV adaptation of Philip Dick's Electric Dreams, it has been announced.
A teenage girl has been shot dead in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A radio presenter who said "every day is hell" has been reunited with his wife during a phone-in on the airwaves.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at an Oxford hospital have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered beneath a cliff in the Peak District.
Indian wrestler Manoj Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "clear case of conspiracy against him".
More than half of primary and secondary pupils in England are using tablet computers, according to a study.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun a campaign to stop the university from investing in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Victor Camara will leave Derby County at the end of the season.
Singer-songwriter Eska has won the prestigious Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a pensioner was found stabbed to death in South Africa.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk should be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 other people, the government says.
Cardiff City are "highly insolvent", according to the club's latest accounts.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A Sheffield woman has said she is "heartbroken" that she has not been recognised for her contribution to the war effort in World War Two.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been rated as the best in the world for water quality.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Mahony were both forced off as Ireland fought back to beat France and reach the European Champions Cup quarter-finals.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his two-year-old son.
Mauritius's Prime Minister Murali Jugnauth has announced he is stepping down.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden.
Nigeria international Victor Oshaniwa has joined Hearts on a season-long loan from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod.
Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of next month's US Open because of a family matter.
Tributes have been paid to a former Middlesbrough footballer who was found dead in his hotel room.
A group of speed bikers have taken to the streets of London to show off their speed bumps.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move up to eighth in the Premier League.
The BBC has been using the messaging app WhatsApp for more than a year to bring you the latest news and information from around the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the FA Cup fifth round were dashed as they were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge United.
France has condemned Turkish air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital following a fire at a flat in Londonderry.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his players are suffering from a "hangover" after Tuesday's League One defeat.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) is to reopen shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed high levels of E.coli contamination.
The European Union has expressed concern over Russia's move to close a disputed border with Georgia.
The minute's silence has been observed in Paris for the victims of the attacks on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Ghana has stepped up its efforts to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Rescuers in Nepal are continuing to search for survivors of Saturday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake in the capital, Kathmandu.
(Close): Healthcare shares rose after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of the US in its latest ruling on the country's debt crisis.
BBC Sport will broadcast live coverage of the FA Cup third round tie between Bridlington Town and AFC Wimbledon.
When I walked onto the pitch at Paris St-Germain on the opening day of the Champions League last season I was greeted with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to remove four suspended legislators from the chamber, in a move seen as a victory for the government.
Six people have been arrested after a suspected human trafficking lorry was found in a motorway.
Having a university-educated parent has a greater influence on children's vocabulary than having a university degree, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Michael Goodwin has been charged with assault by a Football Association disciplinary panel.
For centuries the Church of England has been dominated by men.
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain was a "veneer of respectability" who sexually abused boys, a court has heard.
Glasgow-based building materials group Northstone Group has reported a fall in turnover in 2012.
In the wake of last week's deadly attack on a shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, private security companies have stepped up their security operations.
The US says it has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against the Islamic State (IS) group.
France is going to the polls in the second round of the presidential election.
Tributes have been paid to a "showstopper" who was found dead at the bottom of a cliff.
Family members of Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old who was killed by a gunman at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a "very bright boy".
Ireland women's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a comfortable 4-0 win over Wales.
A health trust has admitted failing to prevent a patient from falling from a rooftop at a hospital roof.
Two men have been arrested during a firearms operation in Bedford.
The uncertainty over the outcome of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has led to uncertainty about the future of the economy.
Immigration is a major issue in the general election campaign, the Welsh Liberal Democrats have said.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-2 to win the Brisbane International.
Morecambe came from behind to beat Mansfield 3-1 in League Two.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in his role as Rangers manager, according to former Celtic captain Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County chairman Graham Foxall says the club's board supported Graham Westley when he was sacked in January.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the Mauritian authorities in an attempt to arrange her funeral.
More than half of people in the East Midlands are unable to name any of their local council representatives, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been greeted with a range of reactions across the world.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of a string of religious offences.
National League side Wrexham have signed former Wales international defender Chris Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular exercise in the 60s and 70s may help preserve memories in later life, a study suggests.
The Department of Health and Social Care has admitted a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a County Londonderry man who took his own life.
The mother of a British student who was stranded in Nepal after the earthquake there has said her daughter was given a drink and a Snickers bar by officials.
Britain's Andy Murray will begin his defence of his Wimbledon title against Ukraine's Naomi Broady in the second round of the Australian Open.
European politicians have reacted angrily to the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK in a lorry.
The Haka, a traditional dance performed by the Maori people, is being performed by Prince Harry in New Zealand.
Retailers in Scotland are pushing products that are less healthy for consumers, according to a report.
A former Partick Thistle employee has been sacked over allegations of historical sexual abuse, the club has confirmed.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and their fence damaged in an alleged breach of planning laws.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has agreed to buy the UK's biggest mobile operator for £1.2bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can control a car remotely.
Two men have been jailed for posing as emergency services to defraud businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees resettled in Aberdeen.
It's that time of year again when many business leaders are looking to turn their fortunes around.
Cornish Pirates back-row forward Alex Cheesman has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Stafford to protest against the closure of emergency services at the Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag to raise awareness of the condition.
In our series of letters from African-Americans, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether Robert E Lee's monument to George Washington is the next battleground in the US culture wars.
Plans to build a new tram line from Derby to Derby have been backed by the East Midlands Council.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have backed a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
The Beltane Fire Festival has taken place in County Antrim.
Soldiers and their families are set to move into a new home in Londonderry as part of a major shake-up of defence bases.
Tesla's Autopilot driver-assistance system "did not perform as designed", a US regulator has said.
Uganda's government website has been hacked by hackers, the BBC has learned.
In the run-up to the UK general election on 8 June, we take a look at some of the headlines in Northern Ireland's newspapers.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at Lord's until the end of the 2019 season.
A 78-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Oxford.
Saudi Arabia has accused the US of violating its sovereign immunity over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which ran aground on the Isle of Lewis last month is to be towed to Malta.
Police in Pakistan say they have arrested two men on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN proposal to form a unity government, a UN envoy has said.
It's that time of year again when you think about what to do with your family.
A former American football player has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of police pursuit-related deaths in England and Wales has more than doubled in a year, according to the police watchdog.
The sport's governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has ended its sponsorship deal with Adidas.
Ireland secured a draw with the Netherlands in the Intercontinental Cup after a rain-affected game in Dublin.
Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete at his farm complex, police say.
Scientists have been sending a robotic submarine to a remote part of the Pacific Ocean.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ruled that six people who claim to be relatives of Prince should be tested.
A Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
The owners of West Ham, Daniel Sullivan and Gold, have denied reports that they are considering a takeover of the club by Coca-Cola.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
A company which went into administration has said it is looking good for the future as it continues to build up orders.
A woman accused of defrauding an 85-year-old woman out of £20,000 has told a court she would have "lost her friendship" with her.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a bus in Conwy county.
Google has announced a UK version of its smart home assistant, Google Home, that will be available in stores from 6 April.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters from Nigeria has been delayed, the Home Office has confirmed.
A senior member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UKIP) has been expelled from the party.
A 40-year-old man from Dublin has been shot dead in Spain.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant panda cubs, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over relegation-threatened Wigan.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being charged with violent and aggressive punching by St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Hungary has offered buses to thousands of migrants who have escaped from a railway station in the capital, Budapest.
Chelsea could make Victor Moses their first signing of the new season, according to Blues boss Mark Hughes.
Coventry City moved into the play-off places with victory over 10-man Millwall.
Education spending by Scottish councils has fallen by more than 1,000 between 2010 and 2013, according to official figures.
A Dundee man who was jailed for possessing indecent images of children has lost an appeal against his conviction.
Events have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season game at the O2 Arena in London.
Jimmy Hennessy was a father-of-two from Liverpool who travelled to the UK with his brother, Graeme, who also travelled with him.
Grimsby moved into the League Two play-off places thanks to a comfortable win over Mansfield.
Somalia's new president, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo, has called on al-Shabab militants to give themselves up within 60 days.
Construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government's policies on immigration.
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the third one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Walsall's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Millwall.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new manager.
US President Donald Trump has temporarily banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US.
The police response to the riots in London and other parts of the UK could have been better, MPs have said.
The world's biggest social media marketing conference is getting under way in London.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether they want to stay in or leave the European Union.
A man who hid £237,000 in his wife's car boot and hid it in a garden has been jailed.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most vexing pests in the UK.
The cost of renting beach huts in Poole is to rise by more than 10% over the next three years, a council has said.
A large oil rig that ran aground off the Norwegian coast on Tuesday has failed to reach BP's platform in the North Sea, the company says.
The shape of Easter eggs is a familiar sight to many.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan in March.
Britain's Sarah Shuker won her first British Open mixed doubles title with victory in the women's singles at Alexandra Palace.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and move up to second in Super League.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to five points with a comfortable win over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Celtic and Nottingham Forest midfielder Ryan Wilson on a one-year deal.
"When I first came to India, I was living in a refugee camp in the south-eastern Indian state of Nagaland," says Rangoon Sarlan.
More than two-thirds of couples in the UK are living in "distressed" relationships, according to new research.
The Scottish government has been criticised for its "dramatic failure" to kick-start a £8.9bn scheme to capture carbon dioxide in the UK.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a girl who went missing 20 years ago has said she is "devastated" after her body was found in a canal.
The PSNI has removed a Facebook post in which the name of a man who was shot in west Belfast has appeared on a list of people on social media.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says the majority of the club's supporters want him to leave the club.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to reach the Euro 2016 finals.
Prime Minister Theresa May has told BBC News about the importance of learning the Chinese language.
There is a "lot of scope" for getting it wrong with sepsis, a leading medical expert has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derbyshire has been halted until a judicial review is carried out.
Work has started on a new £33m community hospital in Somerset.
More than 80 Commonwealth business leaders have signed a letter to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has said it is "very unlikely" the party could split under Jeremy Corbyn.
The BBC has announced the full line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival.
Spectacular images of lenticular clouds and rainbow reflections have been shared on social media.
A statue of former Watford manager Paul Taylor is to be erected in his memory, the Premier League club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them a place in the Challenge Cup final against Exeter.
Goals from Omar Bogle and John Akinde earned Barnet a draw at Grimsby.
Sunderland have signed former Newell's striker Juan Scocco on loan until the end of the season.
It's been a turbulent week for the European Union.
Chennai has become the sixth Indian city to have a metro, with the first train being driven by a woman.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped at a junction in south Armagh.
England have named uncapped all-rounder Ben Stokes in their squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan.
Ireland suffered a heavy defeat by Afghanistan in the first one-day international in India on Thursday.
The US astronaut who's spent 215 days in space says he's ready to break the record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been found shot in the head in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for their part in an international operation to import drugs and stun guns into the UK.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Six Nations match against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by hopes that a deal on a Greek debt deal could be reached by Wednesday.
Theresa May, the former prime minister of England and Wales, has died.
The US has condemned Russia's shipment of missiles to Syria, saying it is "ill-timed and very unfortunate".
Banksy has defended his website after rumours it may be fake.
Ed Miliband has said he will never give up on fighting for the Britain that he believes in after Labour's general election defeat.
A third cat has died in seven days after being poisoned with antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs' director of rugby has expressed concern about the potential impact of the Willis Willis case on club medical staff.
More than 100 retailers in Singapore have been asked to remove products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires in the region.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision, his love" after the death of his predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court is to hear two separate cases about same-sex marriage, the first of its kind in the country.
England are in "confident spirits" ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Italy on Saturday, according to a new study.
Conservative Zac Goldsmith has won the race to become the next mayor of London.
A 91-year-old woman has described the "devastating" break-in of her husband's home.
Rule The World won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time in his career after a thrilling victory over The Last Samuri at the Elbow.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking children on term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 governing body will have "no option" but to impose a 'halo' device on cars following the death of his son.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about the BBC.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England captain Paul Dunn as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported a rise in sales of its premium brands in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a loss for the first quarter of the year.
China's state-run media have taken to the front pages in response to the UN tribunal's decision to overturn a landmark ruling by the International Court of Justice.
The parents of a baby who died after a ventilator was removed have said they are "terrified" his condition could have been worse.
A cancer charity has raised more than £100,000 for its appeal after a Freemasons' donation.
A World Cup conman has been ordered to pay back more than £600 and £220 to two victims who were duped out of thousands of pounds.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead at a house in north London.
James Gilmour was seen hanging from the bonnet of a Jaguar during the August riots at the Cenotaph in central London, a court has ruled.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a supermarket has been jailed for life.
At least 25 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria says it will impose daily quotas on the number of refugees it accepts, in a bid to cope with a record influx of migrants.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United team has launched a bid to build a new Major League Soccer stadium in the city.
The Birds star Helen Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Hollywood director Alfred Hitchcock in Los Angeles in the 1960s.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a woman who is believed to be the world's heaviest.
Buckingham Palace have said they are "disappointed" by the release of a Nazi salute video from the Queen's private collection.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record", according to a new appraisal.
Voters go to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new council leader.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 162 by Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor will miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in their 2-1 win over Sunderland.
The final report of the Advisory Committee on Drugs and Crime (ACMD) into the introduction of the Psychoactive Substances Bill has been published.
Dozens of Moroccan fans have been arrested after clashes broke out at a match in the capital, Rabat, police say.
As Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe delivers his annual Heroes' Day speech in the capital, Harare, his supporters gather around him.
Rangers have signed former Accrington Stanley striker Callum Windass on loan until the end of the season.
A New Zealand-based firm has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
The amount of overtime paid to consultants in NHS hospitals in Scotland has increased by more than a third in three years, the BBC has learned.
Rugby can be a dangerous sport, but it can also be a fun sport.
At least 11 people have been killed by Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of failing a drugs test by Uefa.
The general election will be held on 8 May - the first day of campaigning since the UK general election in 1983.
Every child in Scotland should have the basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A teenager who took her own life because of a lack of specialist mental health care in Somerset was "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers who are caught travelling at more than the speed limit should not be penalised, according to a report by the RAC.
A pillow fight at the US military academy at West Point in New York has been described as an "over-exuberant" event.
The controversy surrounding the president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission has sparked a wave of outrage.
The Batmobile car that played a starring role in the 1960s TV series Batman has been sold at auction for $1.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has defended plans to make it harder for foreign criminals to stay in the UK.
In a packed auditorium in the centre of the French capital, Paris, a young woman called Jean-Marie Le Pen spoke out against the "cave diggers" of Brussels.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over qualifier Stephen O'Brien.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley goalkeeper who died at the age of 93.
One of the UK's biggest energy suppliers has been ordered to pay out £1.6m in compensation to customers who were left unable to check their bills.
Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton's title hopes suffered a blow at the start of the season.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who was found dead in Cumbria.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has signed a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Volkswagen has been ordered to recall more than 500,000 diesel cars in the US amid a global emissions scandal.
Midfielder Matt Samson has signed a new two-year contract with Scottish Premiership side Rangers.
Former world number one Andy Murray is expecting his first child with his girlfriend Kim Kardashian-West, BBC Scotland understands.
Paris St-Germain are considering a move to the French Super Rugby competition next season, reports say.
A time capsule believed to date back more than 100 years has been uncovered during work to replace a bridge.
The world's biggest gaming companies are showing off their virtual reality technology at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
A Chinese woman who claimed she was "divorced because of her fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has warned US President-elect Donald Trump against moving the Vatican's embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction has been announced.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne should not have been given a free pass to the Houses of Parliament, an MP has said.
A worker was contaminated with radioactive material at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences against seven boys in Nottinghamshire.
Microsoft is launching an education service for schools.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is "happy to stay on" as manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he would like the UK's EU referendum to be held as soon as possible.
The European Council's chief Brexit negotiator has told the BBC he will not start parallel talks on the UK's departure from the EU.
Two teenagers and a 15-year-old boy have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton.
A fire at a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as suspicious.
The number of bespoke essay writing sites offering students bespoke papers in return for payment is "no place in the UK higher education sector", a regulator has said.
A cousin of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group sent an image of a police officer walking away from a car park, a court has heard.
Plans have been approved for a wind turbine to be installed near Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire links course.
As Iraqi forces battle so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul, what do we know about the battle for the city?
Mame Biram Diouf scored the only goal of the game as Chelsea came from behind to draw with Stoke.
Two people have been charged over the death of a man who was attacked at a Dorset park.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in North Lanarkshire.
More than half of Scotland's high street banks are to close in the coming months, according to a new report.
The UK is set to become the first country in the world to impose new capital rules to prevent the collapse of its banks.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter, helped by a pick-up in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares ended the week on a positive note after the latest trade figures showed exports fell more than expected in March.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation within 50 days.
Police have released CCTV images of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the build-up to their heavyweight title fight on Saturday.
Two climbers who went missing while climbing one of Europe's highest peaks have been found safe and well.
If you're driving a car, you might want to think twice before setting the speed limit.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain.
Kent director of cricket David Kennedy has announced he is to leave the club at the end of the season.
An MP from India's main opposition Shiv Sena party has been banned from all flights operated by the country's airlines.
More than 100 people have been killed in a gun attack on a school in the French city of Marseille.
Boris Johnson's relationship with US President Donald Trump has been one of the most fraught in recent years.
Obese teenagers are three times more likely to develop a bowel tumour than those who are overweight, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has described the party's current position as "a tragedy".
One of the "happiest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani has been Iran's most prominent political figure since the revolution in 1979.
Former Wales manager Chris Coleman says he helped to bring Chris Coleman to where he is now.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in North Tyneside and Hexham are to be closed overnight to deal with a "very high demand" in day-time admissions.
When Russian President Vladimir Putin was elected in 2012, he was the first person to be elected president of the Russian Federation.
The average commute to and from work in London is the longest in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
All pets found on the roads in Wales should have their microchips scanned, campaigners have said.
The "digital revolution" is sweeping across the globe.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League champions.
One of the UK's biggest retailers, Brantano, has gone into administration.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in County Londonderry has retired to consider its verdict.
Borussia Dortmund were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final in Berlin.
A council has been told it cannot release the full report into a teenager's suicide attempt.
Google has released a new version of its Android operating system, which it says will allow users to multitask.
The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra's board of directors has failed to reach a decision on its next chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry and St Mary's of Wexford will meet in the MacRory Cup final after a 2-14 to 1-12 semi-final win on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Barnet boss Kevin Waddock as their new manager.
The big six energy suppliers have announced that they will introduce a cap on the amount of energy they charge.
The 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro will be one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
A man has been left in an induced coma after being stabbed in the groin.
Argentine voters have voted in the second round of a presidential run-off, in a vote widely seen as a referendum on the country's future.
UKIP's Nigel Farage has said it is "virtually impossible" to predict how many seats it will win at the general election.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal have been backed by a conservation group.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Charlton Athletic and Shrimpers striker Josh McShane on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol have been backed by the city council.
Police in Colombia are searching for a man who has been hiding in a set of huts in a village in the north-east of the country for five years.
A hole in the ground at one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses has been repaired.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profits after taking a charge related to its accounting scandal.
League One side Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Ryan Oliver on a season-long loan deal.
A Polish journalist has been ordered to leave Russia within 30 days because of a row over his cat.
The United Nations has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using excessive force during anti-government protests in the capital, Caracas.
Surrey has released the first pictures of three of the world's most advanced Earth observation satellites - DMC3 and TripleSat-3.
A World War Two veteran shot in the shoulder during the Normandy landings has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed former MK Dons striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan.
The leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said a top-down reorganisation of local government is "not an option".
Exeter fly-half Joe Launchbury has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to a violent conduct charge.
Iran has banned the use of social media apps such as Twitter and Facebook.
Olympic sailing champion Ben Ainslie has signed a new deal with JP Morgan to compete in the America's Cup.
Image-based passwords are likely to be stronger than text-based ones, say researchers.
A man who died after being attacked outside a bar in Grimsby has been named by police.
China has accused Japan of violating its pacifist constitution after it passed controversial new defence laws.
Rafael Benitez's reign as Chelsea interim manager came to an end with a goalless draw at home to Southampton, who missed the chance to go top of the Premier League.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan because of a hamstring injury.
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered in a museum in Dorset.
Scotland's Laura Archibald won gold in the women's individual pursuit at the European Track Cycling Championships in Switzerland.
More than four million fans attended Scottish League One matches last season, according to new figures.
Plans to transform Alexandra Palace into a cultural centre have been approved by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A huge sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Africa.
A "significant proportion" of applications to vote in the general election are likely to have been duplicates, the electoral watchdog has said.
Leicester Force won the British Basketball League Play-offs for the first time in their history with a 4-0 win over Manchester Giants.
Josh Matavesi scored a late penalty as Ospreys drew with Racing 92 to keep alive their European Champions Cup qualification hopes.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill six-year-old boy in the USA.
Fifa has recommended that the 2022 World Cup should be held in November and December.
(Close): Shares in Barclays fell after the bank was sued by the US government.
A Dundee woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock on BBC One's The One Show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has appointed Ventura as his successor as Italy coach.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will not let her son go.
Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Christophe Atangana on a two-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is not far off cementing his place in the Test side.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in Australia charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Imagine waking up in the middle of the night to find a new book.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup with a knee injury.
The World Cup was the most searched topic on Google last year, with the search giant asking people what they wanted to know about celebrities.
Cornish Pirates head coach Steve Cattle says his side's second-half display was "disjointed" as they ran in seven tries in their European Challenge Cup win over Mennaye.
A woman who has been unable to walk for two years has married a man with a debilitating condition.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a "re-evaluation" of all contacts with the United Nations following a UN vote to condemn Israeli settlements.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that former Lithuanian President Antonis Paksas broke the constitution by disqualifying him from running for election in 2004.
Arsenal returned to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Watford.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of Wales on Monday.
The number of miscarriages in the UK has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a new report.
Cerberus, the US fund behind the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, has told a parliamentary committee it was "as good as their word" in getting access to the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Championship to seven points with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Scotland's former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2005.
An inmate at HMP Elmley has been found dead in his cell, the Prisoners' Association has said.
A man who fooled prison staff into thinking he was a court clerk has been jailed for eight years.
Two senior police officers have been paid more than £51,000 in pension payments, the public spending watchdog has said.
A driver caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on a motorway has been arrested, police have said.
The UK government has said that it will make concessions to EU nationals living in the UK after the country voted to leave the EU.
Veteran EastEnders actress Helen Mirren has announced her retirement from acting.
Virtual reality (VR) is a form of virtual reality that allows people to interact with the world around them.
University students in Wales are more satisfied with their university experience than ever before, a survey has suggested.
More than 1,000 people have attended the Cologne carnival in the wake of sexual assaults on women in the city on New Year's Eve.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly are to be given the chance to vote in the assembly election on 8 November.
A black woman has claimed she was refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of her skin colour.
The number of young people in foster care in Scotland is rising, according to a new study.
Three men who tackled a burglar and pinned him to the ground have been recognised as "heroes" by police.
EU nationals living in London should be eligible for a visa to stay in the UK after Brexit, according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Derby County captain Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
Translink has lifted a suspension on its new £12.2m train from Belfast to Londonderry.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the suspension of the country's national team because of a lack of food and medicine.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason" for the UK to pay for access to the EU's single market.
The Rock am Ring music festival in Germany has been cancelled, organisers say.
India's parliament has passed a bill to toughen the punishment for juveniles convicted of crimes against children, including rape and murders.
Four men have appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Becky Watts, whose body was found in Bristol on 2 February.
The mother of a teenager who was pulled off an EasyJet flight after being allocated a different seat has called for an overhaul of the airline's flight booking system.
A polio charity has paid tribute to its co-founder who campaigned for a vaccine against the disease 50 years ago.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
The site of a former coal mine in Gedling National Park has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag-protests in Belfast in 2012.
Labour leader Ed Balls has defended his party's spending plans in the Autumn Statement.
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
Probation service staff should consider referring prisoners who breach their licence conditions to a probation unit following re-release, a report has said.
Somerset's One-Day Cup match with Lancashire was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1.8 million schools in England are under-performing, according to the latest GCSE results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action over plans to demolish it.
The US Department of Defence has announced it will recall nearly all of its civilian staff as part of a partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be sold for meat in a bid to save the breed from extinction.
Latam airlines have suspended all flights to and from Venezuela because of the country's currency controls.
Five men have been charged with causing the deaths of four teenagers in a crash in Wakefield.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the Pink Panther jewellery gang, who they say carried out a series of armed robberies in Barcelona.
Rochdale secured their first win of the season with a 3-2 victory over 10-man Scunthorpe.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to renew a contract to repair the council's roads and bridges.
Radhika Menon, the captain of the Indian Merchant Navy's Sampurna Swarajya fishing boat, has been awarded an award for bravery at sea.
England's final-day defeat by India in the third Test in Chennai was one of the most devastating in the history of cricket.
Do you think it's better to help bullies or punish them?
Surrey captain Mark Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Germany reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Cameroon.
A new Royal Navy patrol boat is to be built in Portsmouth as part of a £1.3bn defence investment, the defence secretary has said.
Siemens Mobility has been awarded a contract to manufacture trains for the high-speed HS2 rail line from Birmingham to Crewe.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the month, BBC Scotland understands.
Harriet Harman, the women's rights commissioner at the Equality and Human Rights Commission, has told the BBC that the UK's membership of the European Union would be in jeopardy if it voted to leave.
A woman has admitted being the owner of a dog that attacked a woman in Aberdeen.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire.
Sixteen players have been named in England's squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The woolly mammoth may have been the last refuge of modern species on the brink of extinction.
Sir John Johnson, who was best known for his roles in Deadlier Than the Male and Some Girls Do, has died at the age of 91.
A woman has been raped in Glasgow city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been revealed in a dig.
A mosaic of bulbs has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the bloodiest air strikes of World War Two.
Restaurants in a Kent town are to be banned from serving takeaways within 400m of a primary school.
Lego has ended its promotional relationship with the Daily Mail, following a campaign by a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
Scientists say they have discovered a new drug that can reverse the effects of HIV.
A man accused of trying to smuggle ricin into the UK was motivated by watching the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto, promising to create a "well, well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club next season.
Greece captain Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's last-minute strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A'mad scientist' has pulled off one of the most amazing stunts in the history of the sport.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in Motherwell and Clydebridge calling for the safety of the Scottish steel industry.
YouTube vloggers have been told to make sure their videos do not contain sponsored content.
The family of a 12-year-old boy who was removed from mainstream school because of a lack of places for him have said they are concerned about the situation.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at restoring political stability to the country.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's politics.
A major police investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of "systemic, serious sexual and physical abuse", it has emerged.
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found at a hotel in Edinburgh.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and scrum-half Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour with injuries.
Championship side Lech Poznan have signed Reading defender Tomas Rakels on loan until the end of the season.
Lana Del Rey doesn't seem to mind being surrounded by the media at the moment.
Violence between black and white communities continues to escalate in the United States.
There are "serious concerns" about the safety of children being taught in so-called "unregistered" schools, Ofsted says.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way on Wednesday, with Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City among the clubs expected to sign players this summer.
Slovenian Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, but has ruled himself out of the Davis Cup.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
A woman who lost her job because she had a disabled child has been awarded more than £2,000 in damages.
There is a new, if temporary, reality in the EU.
Guy Martin will return to the Ulster Grand Prix for the first time since the death of Joey Dunlop in 2000.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" in bringing in new players, according to the club's director of football Jim Raynor.
In the middle of London's Hyde Park in the early hours of the morning, Victoria Black was doing her yoga routine.
Former WBA world featherweight champion Charles Dickens has signed a contract extension to fight Jose Rigondeaux for the next two years.
The Irish Heritage Certificate of Irish Heritage will not be available for sale after 24 August, the Department of Foreign Affairs has said.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
Tony Parker retained his WBO light-welterweight title with a unanimous points victory over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy reversals in his first day in office.
Ricky McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the first time in his career with a thrilling victory in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Rafael Williams has been suspended from rugby union after appearing on a show dressed as a Nazi war criminal.
Vietnamese man Phuc Phuc has thanked Facebook users for their support after his account was shut down over his use of a fake name.
Tesco is to buy the Giraffe restaurant chain in the UK for £1.5bn.
A photojournalist who took hundreds of pictures of people in a taxi has said he was "really pleased" with the results.
The bodies of dozens of migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank in the Mediterranean Sea.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal described his side's second-half display as "Murphy's Law".
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to a trade body.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud at a charity in Cardiff.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner has made an offer of £5.67m for the vacant managerial position at the club.
The International Rescue Committee (IRC) has condemned the deaths of two migrants at a migrant camp in Greece.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of one of the world's most famous stegosauruses.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to cover up the company's emissions scandal.
Infections with viruses, bacteria and parasites are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, according to new research.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the "extremist ideology" that fuels terrorism.
British astronaut Tim Peake says he's looking forward to his return to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 has announced a new set of presenters.
A number of whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
Three weeks into the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, the narrative has changed.
When I first started working on BBC Radio 4's Valentine's Day programme, it was always going to be about love.
The maker of Irn Bru and Rubicon carbonates is to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than a third in the UK by the end of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep one of its most prominent shareholders on the board of the media firm Gawker Media.
The London Museum has launched a campaign to restore one of its most famous robots.
In the streets of El Salvador's capital, El Salvador, a large billboard has been erected to warn the public that the country's drug cartels are moving in to the country.
UK Sport is to invest an extra £20m in winter sports following the success of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm moved up to second place in the Elite League thanks to a 2-1 win over Manchester Storm on Saturday night.
There should be a criminal investigation into the death of a cyclist, a former Labour MP has said.
A woman arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial of a child murdered by Robert Brady will not face charges, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Portsmouth were held to a draw by 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park.
Scientists have measured the shape of the electron.
It "ill serves the parliamentary process" if comments made in Parliament in breach of court orders are repeated in the press, the government's senior law officer has said.
The family of a student who suffered "life-changing injuries" when he fell from the roof of a college tuck shop has lost a legal bid for compensation.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Britain's Mark Cavendish suffered a crash.
A parking company in Lincolnshire is being investigated after a woman was issued with a parking charge because she was still in bed.
Plans for a £1.3bn road improvement project in the centre of Glasgow have been unveiled.
A South African band has released a song in protest at the recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a week of controversy for the Welsh government.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines by publishing a column criticising grouse hunters, the BBC Trust has said.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-2 to win the best-of-seven World Series.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has launched a fundraising campaign to save her life from terminal lung cancer.
Substitute Leonardo Ulloa scored an injury-time winner as Leicester came from behind to draw with West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of its biggest exporters.
A street party celebrating the 90th birthday of the Queen is to be held at Buckingham Palace.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Researchers in Georgia have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall.
The idea of ID cards being introduced in the UK has long been part of the government's agenda.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has confirmed he will remain at the club until the end of the season.
The US has launched an investigation into alleged corruption at football's world governing body Fifa, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland could return to New Zealand to replace Stuart Lancaster as head coach, according to former Wales scrum-half Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has described former FBI director James Comey as a "leaker".
Leeds Mayor George Galloway has been accused of "wasting police time" by retweeting his party's exit poll before the general election.
A road which was closed for more than two years after a landslide has been reopened by Dumfries and Galloway Council.
A new video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at E3 in Los Angeles.
A man who used social media to raise money for a cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Alasdair Hamilton has submitted a plan to cut tariffs on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 say they have closed off a number of theories about his death.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Locks are being removed from a bridge over the River Haven because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he is determined to win his fourth Formula 1 world title this weekend, despite being overtaken by Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from a river in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian city of Victoria are investigating reports that "killer clowns" are parading in public in a "copycat" of incidents in the US.
Durham Jets' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast were dented by a rain-affected game against Leicestershire.
India beat South Africa by seven wickets in the second Test to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
More than three million households in the UK switched energy suppliers in the first half of the year, according to official figures.
There is a "huge yawning gap" between girls and boys in terms of physical activity, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis has been linked to microscopic cracks in the bones of patients who have been taking it for years, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester have been left without power after the recent floods, the company has said.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced it is to stop paying for bus journeys with cash.
Edinburgh have announced plans to play their home matches at Myreside next season.
Glasgow-based department store chain Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand its operations to 16 stores in the coming year.
If you're planning to do a lot of things over the next few weeks, then you need a fitness tracker.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way the force handled the Hillsborough disaster 23 years ago.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened following a three-vehicle crash.
An autonomous underwater vehicle has failed to find any wreckage in the search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say.
Annan Athletic moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table with a 3-1 win at home to Forfar Athletic.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
A former head of strings at Manchester's Royal Northern College of Music raped a student, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports surged to a record high in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied that a £39m deal to deal with a fungus disease was lawful.
Council tax bills could rise by just 1.7% in real terms over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It's been a week of intense debate in Japan about what is acceptable and bad parenting.
It has been a rollercoaster week for me as I prepare to take over as head coach of Surrey.
Mo Farah is one of the most successful young athletes in the world.
UKIP's new leader, Raheem Kassam, has said he wants to "sack" the party if it does not win the general election.
Deputy First Minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU will not solve the problem of the Irish border.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a Merseyside man who fought in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead by a group of men on pedal bikes.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the most controversial parts of the English Channel.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said the Pakistani military has suffered a "moral defeat" in the province.
David Cameron's team have decided to relent on their plan to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
The former leader of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, has announced he is to set up social media accounts.
A campaign is being launched to persuade the Welsh government to vaccinate boys against cervical cancer.
A father whose son has been without a sippy cup for three years says he is "very relieved" after a company found the mould.
Tom Cairney scored a stoppage-time winner as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford at Griffin Park.
Francois Ayrault has been named French foreign minister, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sleepwalking in Manchester city centre.
The 2017 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, are getting under way.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Ike Akinfenwa has been suspended for two matches after he was sent off in their pre-season game against Le Havre.
Former US Congressman Chaka Fattah has been sentenced to five years in prison for his role in a multi-million dollar fraud and money laundering scheme.
Team GB have set a target of winning seven medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said taxpayers in the rest of the UK are "no better or worse off" under his proposals for a new fiscal framework.
Dayle Southwell's second-half header earned Wycombe a 1-0 win over Stevenage in League Two.
A teenager who stabbed a 16-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Two Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for the final of the European Rowing Championships in Stuttgart.
US tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police in Florida for allegedly violating the right of way of a driver.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Shailesh Tripathi considers the potential of chess boxing in India.
A fund set up to save one of the largest radio telescopes in the solar system has raised enough money to keep it running.
Two Scottish Tory MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A man has been fined for climbing onto the roof of a church in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to reinstate leadership elections to the shadow cabinet.
Violence against women simply because they are a woman is to be recorded as a hate crime, a police force has said.
The BBC's Spotlight poll suggests that a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is the most likely outcome.
An Iranian couple who were sent to Cambodia as asylum seekers have left the country, the Australian government has confirmed.
A cafe where the body of murdered schoolgirl April Jones was found has been criticised for a "humorous" sign.
Mohammed Choudary has been jailed for 20 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A three-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£18bn) in bonds from investors in the US and Canada, the highest amount the company has raised in a year.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed into special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and a culture of bullying.
China has warned US President-elect Donald Trump not to abandon the "One China" policy, amid growing criticism of his foreign policy.
A baby hatches centre in southern China has been temporarily closed to new babies because of overcrowding, the facility's director has said.
An inquest into the deaths of three friends who drowned in the sea has been opened and adjourned.
What is the key to keeping a Labour government in power?
The family of a man from Denbighshire who has gone missing in Peru have contacted Interpol.
Peruvian President Otto Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a "great transformation".
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after falling into the sea.
A biker has claimed he was barred from his local pub after being told he was not allowed in.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in Super League with a comfortable victory over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Stenhousemuir extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to seven points with a 2-1 win away to Livi.
Work to demolish a derelict shopping centre and rebuild its car park has been given the go ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs, it has been announced.
The head of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in England and Wales, David McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to deepen their relationship.
A police force failed to act on concerns about a dangerous dog which killed a baby girl, a serious case review has found.
England women's manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Norway and Sweden.
The UK is going to the polls to decide whether to stay or leave the European Union.
Morocco's interior minister has said the turnout in Sunday's parliamentary election was close to 70% in favour of a new constitution.
Kevin Pietersen hit his highest Twenty20 score of the season to help South Africa Dolphins beat New Zealand Knights in the Big Bash League.
A group of Northern Ireland politicians has launched a legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland is continuing.
The Royal Academy of Fine Arts (RA) is to open a new exhibition of paintings by Monet, including a water lily triptych.
The owner of a firework factory which destroyed his business in Southampton has said he is "devastated" by the devastation.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the site of the Shoreham air disaster have been found guilty of misconduct.
Goals from Ahmed Musa and Demarai Gray helped Leicester City overcome 10-man Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the early warning system for sepsis, the Welsh government has said.
The estranged wife of comedian Robin Williams has asked a judge to settle a dispute with her estranged husband over personal items.
A 31-year-old man who fraudulently claimed more than £14,000 in benefits and benefits has been jailed for five years.
British astronaut Luca Maestri has returned to the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order collapsed to an eight-wicket defeat by India A in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the Costa Concordia cruise ship, has reported better-than-expected profits for the third quarter.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of recreational marijuana, officials say.
A woman who lost her friend in a fire at a chemical plant has been awarded an MBE for her services to the community.
People in Bristol, in the US, have been using vinegar to kill weeds.
Private sector companies would be "foolish" not to help the public sector in the event of cuts to public spending, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Tobias Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Mainz in the Bundesliga.
The UK will have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016, Transport Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to develop a national strategy to improve the quality of HIV testing, say researchers.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says reaching the Euro 2017 finals would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh missed out on a European play-off place as they were beaten by Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to "review and refresh" Labour's thinking on social security, after the party split over the issue.
Employers should not be subject to "Stasi-style surveillance" at work, business leaders have said.
One of the world's most famous wild cheetahs, Legolas the Lion, has been shot dead in Botswana.
Adult social care services for the over-65s could be hit by a further £1bn in cuts over the next five years, a survey has suggested.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Rangers defender Lee McCulloch.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on new players before the January transfer window opens.
Widnes Vikings full-back Chris Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.
Championship side Latics have signed Bournemouth midfielder Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to ensure patients with degrees of confusion or dementia had the capacity to consent to treatment.
Southampton manager Eddie Friend has been ruled out of the remainder of the Premier League season after collapsing against Bournemouth's dugout.
Belize, one of the world's most northerly states, is a small country in the north-east of the country.
A woman has been cleared of sexual activity with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for children with severe forms of epilepsy is being tested in Edinburgh.
Senegalese troops have crossed into The Gambia in an operation to oust President Yahya Jammeh.
It is not the kind of summer school you would expect to see in Belfast.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has clarified comments she made about the debt owed to a former Anglo Irish Bank.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a two-year deal.
Energy firm BG Group has reported a sharp fall in profits in the first three months of the year.
The closure of a major road in Cumbria after Storm Desmond has led to a "decline in bookings", a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory at Scunthorpe.
Emergency workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, are desperately trying to reach the people most at risk from the devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "worried" about his whereabouts.
Britain's most successful female jockey, Kate Turner, has announced her retirement from racing.
BP is to cut 600 jobs in its North Sea operations.
Human remains found in a river in New Mexico have been identified as that of an 80-year-old US treasure hunter.
A man has been killed in a two-car crash on the outskirts of Londonderry.
How do you become an Under-17 British champion in the hammer at the age of 17?
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff edge in Hampshire.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London has appealed for witnesses.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the 2015 Rugby World Cup in Newcastle.
Cardiff City's unbeaten start to the season came to an end as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been found safe and well after being abandoned in a cardboard box in Pembrokeshire.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man in a park in Newcastle.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Scottish FA's performance school coaching scheme is set to continue, according to Martin McClair.
The Nympheas by Monet has sold for £31.7m at an auction in New York.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell said he was "not far away, I can feel it clicking".
Pfizer and Flynn Pharmaceuticals have been accused of abusing their dominant position in a cancer drug market, the Competition and Markets Authority has said.
The semi-autonomous territory of Zanzibar has submitted an application to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi will not compete in the electric racing series Formula E in 2018-19, the company has announced.
Thousands of homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a burst water main.
Scottish Labour will stand for the general election with a pledge to restore tax credits to working families, Kezia Dugdale has said.
Bristol City will be without injured midfielder Miralem Pjanic until the end of the season.
Iraq's parliamentary elections are being closely watched as the country's political parties seek to consolidate their power.
The Met Office has issued a number of weather warnings for high winds across the UK.
A treasure trove of gold coins has been discovered off the coast of Egypt's coastal city of Caesarea.
Former world number one Mark Lindahl has been banned for six months after being found guilty of attempting to fix a match.
It is not every day that the chief executive of British Rail is paid £24,000 a year, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
A new approach to teaching GCSEs has been introduced at a college in Coventry.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a street in Londonderry.
A Singaporean couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored the only goal of the game as Huddersfield and Birmingham played out a goalless draw at The Hive.
Downton Abbey star Olivia Johnston is to join the cast of the fifth series of the BBC One drama Masterpiece.
Oil prices have fallen below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Bendtner has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time.
A museum is searching for a key piece of equipment used by the German army during World War Two to break the code for top secret messages.
Wales and India are to share the heritage of performing arts in a series of projects to mark the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
An academy chain has been criticised by England's education watchdog for failing to meet standards.
Leicester City have signed former Napoli defender Sylvain Reveillere on a two-year deal.
Russia's security service has proposed restricting public access to the country's state property registry, in an effort to tackle corruption.
Nato and Russia have held "deep and persistent differences" in their approach to the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the Nato secretary-general has said.
The Scottish Prison Service is to install mobile phone detection technology at two prisons in Dumfries and Galloway, Justice Secretary Angus MacAskill has announced.
Flooding in the US state of Louisiana has left more than 10,000 people without power, officials say.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.
Plans for a new golf course in East Sutherland have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Stonehenge was used as a warm shelter by prehistoric inhabitants.
A chronology of key events in the Middle East:
Christian Benteke has rejected a move to Crystal Palace, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The family of a 90-year-old Scottish woman who has been living in Australia for more than two years have said they fear she could be deported.
A shoe shop in County Tyrone has been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding.
The Scottish government has set up a task force to help save the Fraserburgh steelworks.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby has been found dead at a bus stop in Conwy county.
The return of Hearts to the Scottish Professional Football League will create "as much tension" in the Championship this season as it did last season, according to the club's director of football Doncaster.
There is "no limit" to the amount of money Welsh universities can receive from the government, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Ronny Luzon says he is not worried about his side's relegation from the Championship.
The Chinese government is using a "toolbox" of coercive tactics to punish foreign companies, according to former government minister Paul McGregor.
As Wales prepare to face England in the Euro 2016 semi-finals, we take a look back at some of the biggest moments in the team's history.
More than half of working families in England would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, a survey suggests.
The number of people using contactless payments in the UK rose by more than a third last year, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces are facing their toughest battle yet to retake the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), a military spokesman has said.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City as they drew with Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Annual inflation in the UK rose by 0.1% between December and January, according to official figures.
Dylan Davies and Hannah Hermitage both won gold medals at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Milan.
Plans to reduce the height of a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes have been approved by the Scottish government.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" bringing in Yids Yiadom for Tuesday's Championship game at Ipswich.
The Liberal Democrats have accused the Welsh government of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on "a useless poster campaign" for the Metro.
Sean O'Brien will make his first start for Ireland in Saturday's Six Nations match against Scotland at Twickenham.
MPs have criticised the BBC for its lack of investment in the Midlands.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
If you want a bouquet of roses from the European Union, don't do it.
England thrashed New Zealand by 17 points in the first Test of their Six Nations campaign.
An artificial intelligence (AI) research firm has raised $1bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding from a range of investors.
Scotland moved up to second in the Six Nations table with a bonus-point win over Georgia at Murrayfield.
Conor O'Shea is to leave Harlequins at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has almost doubled in the past year, according to a new survey.
The founder of one of the world's leading orchestras, Sir Neville Chamberlain, has died at the age of 91.
It was a story that could have been written in the same way as a soap opera, but it turned out to be true.
A motorcyclist has died after a collision with a car in Bangor, County Down.
The Irish government has banned the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland.
Bournemouth manager Mark Hughes says he is considering a move for Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car hit a lorry in Kent.
A body believed to be that of a missing man has been found off the coast of Cornwall.
DJ Shakuhachi has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016.
There was a mixture of relief and disappointment at the results of Israel's parliamentary elections.
The average daily commute to and from work in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
The route between Barra and Glasgow is one of the world's most scenic and scenic airports.
Work is set to begin on a new road crossing in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tributes have been paid to the three people who died in the Manchester Arena attack on 22 May.
Plans to build a Garden Bridge in south London have been approved after a deal was reached.
A collection of sculptures created by the late Dame Zaha Hadid at Chatsworth Gardens has gone on show.
A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" on the streets of London.
It was an eventful year for the arts in Northern Ireland in 2016.
The new director of Tate Modern, Nicholas Serota, has announced that he is stepping down at the end of the month.
The summer transfer window has closed in England and Scotland.
More than 1,000 people have signed an online petition against plans to impose parking restrictions on a road around Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key says he is optimistic that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former head of one of India's largest charities, has died in the West Bengal city of Kolkata aged 88.
Sunderland goalkeeper Hannah Laws has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" when he said all four UK parliaments should ratify any Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank, which was put up for sale last year, has said it is in talks with a group of existing investors on a possible recapitalisation.
When we arrived in the Afghan capital, Kabul, we were greeted by the sound of a rusty digger.
A railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon is to go up for auction next month.
It's not every day that you hear a warning that the Conservative Party is about to split.
A facsimile of the original copy of Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 500th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland captain Darren Wilson has backed Darren Fletcher to succeed Scott Brown as the national team captain for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland.
An inflatable rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos by students from a north Wales college.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have fired tear gas to disperse protesters who were protesting against a curfew imposed after the killing of an unarmed black teenager.
Brazil is one of the world's most heavily-forested countries.
New South African teams will face a "brutal" nine-month stint in the Pro12, according to former Ulster and Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced that he has nationalised a Spanish-owned power company.
Yum Brands, the parent company of fast food chain KFC, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Residents of the Sheerwater estate in Woking are to be asked to give their views on the council's regeneration plans.
Workers have been evacuated from a nuclear power plant in the North Sea after it caught fire.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have voted overwhelmingly to elect a new mayor and police and crime commissioner.
Trade union leaders have called for strikes on public services as part of a "winter of discontent" over government cuts.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins won the men's road race at the Road World Championships for the fourth time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of the Asian boom on the developing world.
Two men have been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of plotting to carry out a terror attack, police say.
A council leader has said he has "to take some responsibility" for the failure of a council to repay a £10.25m loan to a football club.
Millennials are likely to struggle to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, according to new research.
A Star Wars-themed collection of photographs has been created using the Firth of Forth for offshore oil rigs.
Tennis chief executive Ray Moore has stepped down from his role at the Indian Wells tournament after calling for women to get more prize money.
Richard Cockerill has resigned as head coach of Leicester Tigers.
Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of insurance giant Standard & Poor's, is to stand trial on fraud charges, a US appeals court has ruled.
Tyrone Trescothick's double century helped Somerset fight back on day two against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
A Newport-based turkey processing company has been ordered to pay more than £300,000 after it was found to be operating in "unhygienic conditions".
A police officer has been awarded a bravery award after rescuing a 21-year-old man who fell from a fire escape.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will come up with a solution to its emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn's late goal earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester.
Sri Lanka's cricket authorities have launched an investigation after two players turned down an offer of £10,000 to play in a World Twenty20 match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for the second time in three years.
Premier League football matches will be shown live on TV for the first time this season, BBC Sport has learned.
The two main opposition parties in the Republic of Ireland are trying to reach an agreement on the future of water charges.
Birmingham City have extended the loan spell of striker James Mackie until the end of the season.
A baby albino deer has been born in Australia.
Police are investigating whether a family of 12 from Luton may have travelled to Syria.
Plans for a new gondola line linking Cardiff Bay and the city centre have been unveiled by the Cardiff Bay Consortium (CBC).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has failed in a bid to gain compensation from a loyalist who claims it colluded with loyalists.
US President Donald Trump has accused Barack Obama of "choked" when it came to Russian meddling in the election.
Basingstoke Town Football Club has been accused of failing to stop a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two Turkish newspapers, one of which supports the governing AK Party, in Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who sued a Carmarthenshire council leader for defamation has had her case against him dropped.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating after a mid-air watch merchant was robbed at gunpoint at the airport.
The leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party has said his mandate will be to reform the European Union.
A man who was deported from the UK because his parents had been married has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
The boss of a financial services firm has been fined £450 by the City watchdog for failing to pay the full fare for a London-bound train.
Five former foreign secretaries have written to David Cameron urging him to do more to tackle corruption in Russia.
Jake Cassidy's first-half header earned Hartlepool a draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not redesign its Arak nuclear reactor until a final agreement is reached, the country's energy minister has said.
It is 70 years since the death of Private John Parr, the youngest soldier to die fighting in World War One.
David Haye says he will take "whatever punishment I need to" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over his comments about Tony Bellew.
The battle to save the struggling department store chain BHS from liquidation has entered a new chapter.
South African industrial action is taking place in a dispute over pay and conditions, the country's trade union has said.
A British man shot dead by a gunman on a train in France has been awarded France's highest military honour, the Legion d'honneur.
A major road in a Borders town is to be closed for two weeks to allow for work to be carried out on a flood protection scheme.
Council leaders on the Isle of Wight have said they are "not surprised" a deal to create a Solent Combined Authority has been rejected.
Burnley have signed Middlesbrough striker Vincent de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A carriage carrying the coffin of Prime Minister David Cameron has been restored to its former glory.
The head of London's GP practice has said he is "disappointed" by the number of patients who have been admitted to hospital over the festive period.
Ikea has recalled a beach chair after it was found to be prone to falls and injuries.
Indian banks are using indelible ink to stop people from swapping their banned big bank notes.
Former American football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head trauma.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into their home in Fairlie in Strathclyde.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25.
Nigeria Aluko's late goal rescued a point for relegation-threatened Hull with victory over Nottingham Forest.
Scientists have produced functional stem cells to treat type 1 diabetes for the first time.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew was sent off as his side were beaten by Watford in the Premier League.
Lyle Stevenson says Hibernian have a squad capable of competing at the top end of the Scottish Premiership.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Hannah Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Pakistani authorities have refused bail to an Afghan woman who was dubbed the "Afghan girl" on the cover of the magazine Cover of the Year.
The invention of the ShakerScope is one of the great inventions of the 20th Century.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Dutch full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police have issued a fresh appeal for information about a 14-year-old girl who has gone missing in Greater Manchester.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing in Cleveland has been found safe and well, police have said.
The vicar of St Mary with All Souls in West Hampstead has accused the Church of England of promoting policies and practices which are discriminatory against LGBTI people.
Nottingham Forest striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty ahead of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal to sign right-back Scott Sinclair on a two-year contract.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-2 in the opening game of their Elite League double-header.
"We're doing everything we can to help the people of Mogadishu," said Hassan Mohammed, the local district police chief who has been patrolling the city's Lido beach for the past three years.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare has been declared a saint by Pope Francis.
A retrospective of works by Henri Matisse has been described as "a masterpiece" by critics as it opens at Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United assistant manager was suspended from her job because of her relationship with the club's head coach, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop people from blocking the view of others at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after the club's relegation from the Premier League.
The closure of Ceredigion Council's only remaining residential home is "inappropriate and inadequate", a union has said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has released new pictures of Jupiter.
"When it comes to data, there is no clear cut."
A Wigan biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire-based firm behind the failed Kickstarter project has revealed how £2.3m of donations went towards the project.
Malaysian police say they have foiled a plot by Islamic State (IS) militants to attack a restaurant in the capital.
Bulgaria and New York are in the race to be the next United Nations secretary-general.
Italian police say they have foiled an international anti-terrorism operation against a Kurdish-Sunni Islamist group.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) soldier who had his medals stolen from his home in Lancashire has said it was a "big deal".
Irish author Stephen King and British author James Crace have been nominated for this year's International Impac Dublin Prize for Fiction.
A heritage centre in Leicestershire has been put at risk after the county council pulled out of a £5m project.
Antoine Walcott's late equaliser gave Arsenal victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed inexperience in sub-continent conditions as they lost the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
When the Zeebrugge ferry capsized in the English Channel in the early hours of Sunday morning, it was one of the worst tragedies in Irish seafaring history.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are helping to save hundreds of juvenile bats that have been abandoned because of bad weather.
A man has been stabbed in broad daylight at a south London railway station.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils at Londonderry school have been suspended after cannabis was found on their property.
Queens Park Rangers made it two wins from two in the Championship with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five men have appeared in court accused of misconduct over allegations that a police helicopter was used for inappropriate filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a video game-playing app for its Xbox 360 and Windows 8 handhelds.
The Scottish Premier League season gets under way on Sunday.
Runway operations at Gatwick Airport have been suspended after a drone was spotted circling over the south coast.
A prominent Bahraini human rights activist, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been released from prison after serving more than two years.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points with victory over Aberdeen.
A public-private consortium has emerged as the frontrunner for a £1.2bn contract to provide end-of-life care in Staffordshire.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in Jersey.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A "full and independent review" is to be carried out into allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Congo secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations with a dramatic victory over Burkina Faso.
An Indian writer-activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided in the US city of Detroit.
The number of Scots seeking work rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures.
A woman who was inspired to create a snow effect for the new Star Wars film has been offered a full-time job in the industry.
The number of mental health patients discharged from hospital in England has fallen, according to new figures.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition has said she is "devastated" after a drug was approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's pre-season friendly against MK Dons on Saturday has been postponed because of illness.
Tributes have been paid to conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, who has died at the age of 92.
A company has been fined £1,000 for failing to check flues and gas supply pipes in a multi-million pound residential development.
If you walk into the University of Groningen in Wiltshire, you might notice the graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the Republic of Ireland in the 18th Century.
A 72-year-old Italian woman who was kidnapped in California last month has been found safe and well.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to force topless performers to work in the area of Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has said he was forced to stay.
Some private clinics in England are not telling women enough about the risks of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Glentoran striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
More people are being encouraged to take up walking and cycling as part of everyday life, the Welsh government has said.
The Republican presidential hopefuls in the race to be the next president of the United States are going to be very vocal about their faith.
Thousands of people have taken part in this year's Snowdon Mountain Bike race in Denbighshire.
The House of Commons leader, Sir Kevin Spacey, has said he is considering whether he breached parliamentary rules over his use of parliamentary facilities.
Shares in Weibo, China's biggest social media platform, have risen more than 20% after the company's initial public offering (IPO) went ahead.
It's been a busy week for the Wheelchair Basketball team in the UK.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Edinburgh.
North Korea has threatened to launch a missile strike on the US territory of Guam.
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has said he is "delighted" the case has been dropped.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, helped by a rise in oil prices.
Protesters in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have taken to the streets to protest against what they say are new anti-communist laws.
Rory McIlroy insists Europe are not a one-man team.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retail giant Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds of tax in the UK by the UK's tax authorities.
As Europe struggles to cope with the migrant crisis, families across the continent are struggling to find the bodies of their loved ones.
It was supposed to be one of the greatest comeback stories of all time.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons next year.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust is due to meet the club's new owners to discuss the long-term prospects of the club.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 20-year-old woman by careless driving in Gwynedd.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says Gareth Bale has no doubts about his side's patriotism ahead of their Euro 2016 match against England.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has urged Ed Miliband to "forgive me" over his handling of a dispute with the Unite union.
Theresa May has dismissed reports that she and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker clashed over Brexit as "bloody difficult".
Former Livingston and Livingston midfielder Scott Martin has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
More than 50,000 jobs could be created by the Circuit of Wales, according to one of the UK's biggest motor racing circuits owners.
Hundreds of jobs could be axed at Southampton City Council as part of plans to save Â£30m.
Ballymena United moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table thanks to a win over Elgin City.
Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-19 international defender Ben James on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull defender Callum Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The family of a teenage girl who was sexually assaulted and asphyxiated have said they are "shocked" her death was not monitored.
Taliban militants have attacked a village in eastern Afghanistan, killing at least 20 civilians, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian TV presenter who has been convicted of child sex abuse, has gone from hero to villain.
The prime minister is due to meet the boss of French carmaker PSA Group to discuss the sale of its European division.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported losses for the first three months of the year.
An MP is to ask the public spending watchdog to investigate the use of private finance in Northern Ireland's business development agency.
Scientists in the US say they have found a new insect repellent that can repel mosquitoes in three minutes.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend at a concert in Cardiff.
When you think of litter, you might think of Apple.
Thousands of homes in Devon have been told to boil their water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms".
It's been another busy week in the world of video games.
England took a big step towards winning the second Test against Pakistan with a seven-wicket victory in Southampton.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland (JCS) is based in a house in Londonderry.
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is still "a work in progress".
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's private life, has been admitted to hospital in Turkey after suffering septic shock, his publisher has said.
Afghan forces have retaken Sangin district, one of the most important districts in the country's southern Helmand province.
Prisoners have been asked to come to an evening to discuss how to deal with contraband being thrown over a wall.
Women priests are to be ordained in Wales for the first time, the Church in Wales has announced.
Councillors in the Borders are being asked to approve the cost of a £1.5m flood defence scheme.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP has offered the position of justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the missing crew of a helicopter which crashed off the coast of County Galway has resumed.
Thousands of people have attended the world's largest open air music festival in China.
Britain's all-amputee rowers have become the first team to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
Scotland has become the first country in the world to have a fully operational tidal energy system, according to a company.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on a free transfer.
Two German men have claimed to have discovered a Nazi train buried in the ground near the Polish city of Wroclaw.
Bradford City have offered new deals to six players, including midfielder Mark Darby.
Kate Balshaw, the new director of the Tate Museum in London, says the institution is "about a third of the way down the road" when it comes to its future.
The CIA director, John Brennan, has been accused of hacking a private email account belonging to a high-school student.
The robots are taking part in this year's RoboCup - the world's biggest artificial intelligence competition.
A US tourist has been gang raped in India's northern state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Former Major League Soccer star Abby Wambach has been charged with drink-driving in the US state of Oregon.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the first stage of the Dauphine, beating Chris Froome.
Teachers in the UK are spending more time in the classroom than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to a report by the OECD.
The UK government has failed to respond positively to a demand for an independent inquiry into the deaths of 24 villagers in Malaya, a court has ruled.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Anders Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Rock band Green Day have cancelled a gig in Glasgow because of safety concerns.
Schools in England are failing to meet the requirements of England's school admissions code, says the country's chief adjudicator.
Tottenham moved five points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Swansea City.
Celtic midfielder Scott Brown says his side have let themselves down by failing to perform as they should.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid defender Jese on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
If you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, you probably don't have much to look forward to.
Russia has begun military exercises in the southern military district of the country, amid growing tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
An ambulance support worker who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
The Israeli navy has intercepted a boat carrying Palestinian activists in the Gaza Strip, Israeli officials say.
Leaders of Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning on the eve of the general election.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer, mesothelioma, are to be eligible for a compensation fund, the government has announced.
Blackburn's Championship survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by relegation-threatened Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Shrewsbury Town striker Chris Barnett on a one-year deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to the country after more than a year in exile.
(Close): Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) fell by more than 4% in early trade on Wednesday, dragged down by the FTSE 100.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
Christianity has been a "focal point" for "bigoted" thinking about abortion, the right to die and abortion, according to the 2011 census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac, who helped Jean Moulin escape the Gestapo during World War Two, has died at the age of 87.
Police in Nigeria have arrested five people suspected of having gay sex, local media report.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Leeds Rhinos and move back to the top of Super League.
Milton Keynes Dons are one of the most successful football clubs in the country.
Councils across Scotland have pledged to take in Syrian refugees as part of the UK government's response to the crisis, according to the charity Cosla.
Ronny Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has been accused of swearing and discussing oral sex with its pilots.
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in Nottingham.
Defending champion Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Italian Open with a straight-set win over Fabio Fognini.
A man has been arrested in Germany over an alleged plot to blow up a bus carrying Borussia Dortmund fans.
Tens of thousands of people have attended a vigil for a black man who died after being tackled by police.
Gillingham have re-appointed Paul Pennock as their manager on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Police in India have sent 11 Muslim men to jail for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the World Cup final.
Turkey's defence minister has said he hopes the so-called Islamic State (IS) will not be part of any kind of cooperation with the US.
The US Army Corps of Engineers will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota, activists say.
An alpaca that was mauled to death by a dog in the New Forest has been named.
The family of a prisoner who died after a bomb attack at a prison have said they are "devastated and beyond shock".
A man accused of murdering a man outside Tonik in Aberdeen was "highly drunk", a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has backed Gareth Southgate to succeed him as England manager.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card in Saturday's 2-1 win over Celtic.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term "hippsters" to describe a fire which destroyed a block of flats in east London.
Two men have pleaded guilty to attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club (GCFC) has announced plans for a new ground in Sudmeadow.
Police are investigating a visit by Britain First members to a Cardiff mosque.
A 3D reconstruction project has been launched in Mosul, Iraq, to document the destruction of ancient artefacts in the city.
More needs to be done to reduce the number of people drinking alcohol in Wales, a report has said.
The remains of one of the world's most important shipwrecks are being showcased in a new archaeological project.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to the Boleyn Ground is a major boost to the local economy, but what will it mean for the surrounding area?
Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa, Scotland Yard has confirmed.
Palliative care for terminally-ill patients could save the NHS more than £30m a year, according to a report commissioned by Marie Curie.
England's final-day collapse in the final Test against South Africa ended in a 5-1 defeat.
Scientists have obtained the first detailed view yet of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has unveiled a plan to give teachers a protected status in the country's penal code.
American golfer Phil Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint in a park in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they take on Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former Aberdeen captain John Miller.
The former leader of al-Qaeda, Abdul Fattah Bahri, has died in Yemen, Yemeni officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in Chile has erupted again, spewing ash and rock into the sky over the town of Cochamo.
Republicans in the US state of North Carolina have defeated two candidates associated with the tea party movement in the primary election.
Manchester United football tickets were bought by a college under a former principal, the BBC has learned.
The chief constable of North Wales Police has warned it faces a "significant challenge" to save money.
The leader of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, has posted a video on social media threatening to kill the opposition.
The Belfast Giants moved up to third in the Elite League thanks to a 4-2 win over Dundee Stars on Saturday night.
Russia's state-run Novaya Gazeta newspaper says it will "retreat" journalists who report on human rights abuses in Chechnya.
Actor Harrison Ford has confirmed he is working with Steven Spielberg on a new Star Wars film.
England bowler James Anderson became the first player to take 300 Test wickets for his country after taking 237 in the second Test against Pakistan.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced that 100 of its branches across the UK will close at the end of the year.
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced a $1.5bn (£1.6bn) deal to buy two HIV drugs from Bristol-Myers Squibb.
A poster featuring the words "Independence calls for its bravest man" has been sold at auction in Denbighshire.
The first round of qualifying for the 2017 FA Cup takes place at Wembley on Saturday.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Michael Shatter, has been embroiled in a number of controversies over the past few years.
Boreham Wood midfielder Gaby Ohene has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
An advert for an ultra skinny gym has been branded "in poor taste" and "offensive" by a charity.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in stopping secondary breast cancer spreading to the bone.
Chelsea boss John Obi Mikel has been cleared of racially abusing match officials Mark Clattenburg.
Gary Neville said he was "grateful" for the fans who turned out to see his Valencia side beat Barcelona in the Copa del Rey final.
It's one of China's most beloved fairy tales, and now Netflix is bringing it back to the big screen.
Two previously unseen scenes from Walt Disney's best-loved film have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
An Australian man who posted a mugshot of himself on social media has said he will turn himself in after getting a lawyer and arranging a lawyer.
Britain's Anthony Joshua will fight Wladimir Klitschko for the WBA and WBO world heavyweight titles in London, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car driven by a man who was blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Qatar is failing to do enough to tackle the exploitation of migrant workers ahead of the 2022 World Cup, Amnesty International says.
Pictures of some of Scotland's canals have been captured using a new camera system.
Lenovo has said it is "deeply investigating" claims that adware on its laptops and mobile phones is being used to collect data over secure web connections.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016 compared with the previous year, according to official figures.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Italian police say they have arrested four youths suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in Milan in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish fighter jet has crashed near the Syrian border, killing all 224 on board, Turkish officials say.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will take his case to the Supreme Court to challenge the election results.
Kirsty Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their opening Women's Euro 2017 qualifier.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down.
Matt Sturm retained his WBA super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's most popular politicians, has died at the age of 86.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned the force faces "far worse" cuts than he expected.
A newly established population of critically endangered yellow crested cockatoo birds in Hong Kong has been established outside its native range, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue his work despite a new law barring him from office.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep a small office in the home of late leader Hugo Chavez.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square to celebrate the death of Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain, reports BBC Radio Leicester.
Stem cells from the biliary duct could be used to regenerate damaged livers in patients with severe liver failure, according to Edinburgh researchers.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m if they fail to comply with agreed service targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
It is 60 years since the infamous Mauthausen concentration camp in Bavaria was closed down by Adolf Hitler's forces in World War Two.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £5m in compensation to traders affected by a ban on the export of live animals.
Livi Town moved to within two points of Scottish League Two leaders East Fife by beating Stenhousemuir.
A 78-year-old pianist has been reunited with his old bandmates at a care home.
Scientists have analysed the DNA of a 45,000-year-old man who was close to the ancestor of modern humans.
Syrian opposition leaders have held a rare meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country.
Police in Madrid have used baton charges to disperse a crowd of Leicester City fans in the centre of the city centre.
Some schools in Wales are using early entry as a way of "gaming" the GCSE exam system, a senior civil servant has said.
Two teenage girls in Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a classmate who was stabbed to death in the woods.
The first of the 21 schoolgirls to be freed from Boko Haram captivity in Nigeria has been found in the north-eastern town of Chibok, officials say.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in north London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, as it continues to struggle with its nuclear business.
Motown pioneers Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential and influential bands of the 1970s.
It's not every day that we watch the final series of The Apprentice.
The new series of Geordie Shore has revealed that the housemates were "more accepting" of bisexual and gay people.
The West Midlands tram network is to return to the streets of Wolverhampton for the first time in more than 50 years.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the title despite Mercedes' reliability problems in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
It's been a year since the devastating earthquake in Japan struck the country of Japan.
Former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving while disqualified.
North Korea has denied it caused the death of a US student who has been in a coma for more than a year, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook hit his first Test century of the season as England beat St Kitts & Nevis by eight wickets in the first Test.
Welshman Dan Evans retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Michael Ormond in Cardiff.
Protesters have blocked the entrance to the Welsh language society's headquarters in Conwy county in a protest against the Welsh government's handling of the language.
The tax affairs of some footballers could be investigated by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), according to former England and Wales defence secretary David Thompson.
Nottinghamshire seam bowler James Gurney says he is "optimistic" about his future despite the club's relegation from Division Two of the County Championship.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not stand in the general election in Cornwall.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a house fire in Dorset.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of former rugby league player Chris Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people who have been protesting against his labour reforms.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been shot dead in Parliament.
More than £100m is to be given to the housing sector in Wales, the government has announced.
Chelsea missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Champions League as they were held to a goalless draw by Porto.
Monty Python star Mike Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales wrote to Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers in England, according to newly-released documents.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M4 in County Armagh.
Russian chess grandmaster Carl Carlsen has beaten American Sergey Karjakin to win the World Chess Championship for the first time.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has said he wants to "save our country from a Tory government".
A driver has been airlifted to hospital after being involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two otters have been taken to a zoo in the US to be fed live food.
National Resources Wales (NRW) broke EU state aid rules by awarding contracts to a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a fungus disease, the auditor general has said.
A £26.7m revamp of the Alexandra Palace theatre is to be completed with the help of the Heritage Lottery Fund.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at Pittodrie beyond the end of the season.
Donald Trump has said he would be in jail if he won the US presidential election if he were in charge of the law.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated beyond belief" after his side were held to a goalless draw by Rangers at Ibrox.
Severe levels of bacteria have been found in shellfish in waters off the coast of Argyll and Bute.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's six-match ban for betting on football has been extended.
A nightclub tycoon has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of his father, who had been in the business for 30 years.
Chinese social media users are praising a dog handler who has set up a retirement home for his retired service dogs.
The husband of a woman who died after being cared for at a hospital has told a misconduct hearing there was "no evidence" she knew she was ill.
There has been a "dramatic increase" in the number of leatherback turtles reported off the coast of Wales, according to conservationists.
An American Airlines plane has caught fire at Miami International Airport in the US state of Florida, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered the finance minister to set up a contingency plan in the event of a national emergency.
More than 250 London Underground ticket office jobs are to be axed as part of a cost-cutting plan.
A man has been charged after a woman was attacked outside a supermarket in Milton Keynes.
Johannes Jung has become the first Briton to win the Badminton Horse Trials with victory in the dressage.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger."
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (£120,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, a hospital official has told the BBC.
Meet Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Woodstock.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan are vying to become the next president of the country.
Essex director of cricket Steve Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be a "holy grail" for his side.
In the wake of the UK's decision to leave the European Union, there is a sense of inevitability.
A corn snake which was found in a van in Bridgend county has been rescued by the RSPCA.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in defeat as Ryan John-Lewis scored a late winner for Exeter City.
Robbie Simpson scored a hat-trick as Exeter eased to victory over Crewe in the League Two play-off final.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 91, his family has announced.
The Independent newspaper's website has been infected with malware designed to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Josaia Ibarguen won gold in the women's high jump at the Rio Olympics.
An ancient weir dating back more than 1,000 years has been uncovered by archaeologists.
The US missile strike on a Syrian airbase was a war crime, pure and simple.
A man has been arrested in south London on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A metal detectorist has said he is "delighted" to have discovered a "major significance" in the history of East Anglia.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is hopeful he will be fit for Saturday's FA Cup third-round tie at Arsenal.
Eddie Jones' reign as England head coach began with a comfortable victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has asked his fans to help him find work after his dad said he could not get a job cleaning floors at Aldi.
A charity that campaigns against the use of asbestos in the workplace has said it will not be taking legal action against Highland Council.
Liverpool's mayor has outlined plans to make £90m of savings over the next five years in the city's council budget.
A football fan group is to hold a public vote on whether to reintroduce safe standing in England's top flight.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for eight months.
Tommy Rowe scored his first goal for Doncaster as they beat Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
French centrist Emmanuel Macron has announced he will not stand in next year's presidential election.
Karen Gillan has been cast as the villain in the new Jumanji film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 200m freestyle at the European Championships.
A man who admitted downloading child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition celebrating the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One is being opened at a castle in Powis.
Police in the US have issued a warrant for the arrest of a man they say posed like James Brown on the run.
Belgian prosecutors have named a machete-wielding attacker who killed two policewomen and wounded three others.
UBS has been placed under formal investigation in France over allegations of money laundering and tax evasion.
More than half of London's families are paying out "poor or very poor value for money" from renting, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Retailer B&M has reported better-than-expected sales for the first three months of the year, as it continues to win over shoppers.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced plans to change the way it patents medicines.
The parents of a four-year-old girl who suffered severe mental health problems due to a delay in her delivery have been awarded £5.3m in damages.
It's that time of year again when the stars of quiz show Monkmania are taking to the airwaves.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary education in England, says Ofsted.
An independent review has said it is "very worried" about the handling of postal ballots at general elections.
Oscar-nominated actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has said he "never want to be a part of it again" as he prepares for his next film.
A man has admitted killing another man in a street attack in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's focus on the Premier League has been "dropped".
Great Britain won the men's 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of up to 57mph has been sacked.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after it paid £560m to settle tax claims and other costs.
The world premiere of the new movie, Minions, has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor Barack Obama is behind protests against his proposed increase in defence spending.
More than a third of staff at Queen's University in Belfast believe senior leaders are "effective" at the institution.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk by a lack of mental health support, a report has said.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, says former Wales captain Scott Williams.
Every Christmas, the streets of London are lit up with festive lights to mark the festive season.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers says he's "not ashamed of it or anything" as he prepares for his second solo album.
A teenager who was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) has married his girlfriend.
An Australian politician has called for a four-day working week.
Great Britain's Luke Burnell has described the decision to strip him of his Olympic gold medal in the men's 10m platform final as "ridiculous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Martyn Rudolph has urged his players to "stand up" after their poor start to the season.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in the first three months of the year, helped by strong performance in Europe.
A former Morgan Stanley banker has told a court he murdered a police officer for "extreme fantasies".
Leeds United's managing director Mark Haigh has resigned following the collapse of Francesco Cellino's takeover of the club.
More than half a million pounds of cuts could be made to the finances of a Kent council, it has been warned.
Spain's Socialist leader has lost a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament in a vote that could lead to fresh elections.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players are "gutted" by their defeat by New Zealand in Dunedin.
An ambulance has been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish football federation president Mateusz Pohorecki says he is proud of the country's progress at the 2020 European Championship.
Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for not attending a briefing on the situation in Syria.
A new cross-border rail link between the Scottish Borders and the south of England is "vital", according to a new report.
A campaign group has welcomed the decision by the British Transport Commission (BRC) to grant a contract to a firm to extend the Borders railway.
Over the next few years, we will be seeing more and more smartphones, tablets and smartphones being developed for the elderly.
A steam-packet vessel has collided with the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a new series of This is England '90, it has been announced.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair an independent review into the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at Belfast's Hydro.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains in County Down, a young Syrian man is working on a dry-stone wall.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh.
A man believed to be involved in an attempted kidnap at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off the coast of South Korea, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has warned of a "significant level of complexity" to the Scottish government's budget process.
The European Space Agency has launched a new system that will allow Earth observation satellites to talk to each other in real time.
Catalans Dragons maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a comfortable victory over Hull FC.
Plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed by more than a year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan are complaining about the weight of a new body armour system.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Josh Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A Christmas elf troupe has been threatened with an airgun after being attacked by a gang of teenagers.
A veterans' march which was due to be held in Londonderry last week has been postponed amid a row over the prosecution of ex-soldiers.
Jersey's former England and Chelsea footballer Paul Le Saux says he still does not believe there are gay footballers in the game.
The remains of a Roman town in Bournemouth have been discovered by students in a field school.
A charity has said it is "overwhelmed" by the number of deaf and hard of hearing jobseekers in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will "never stop" any player from leaving the club.
The Scottish National Party could raise more than £1bn a year if it follows UK government tax plans, a think-tank has said.
The former chief executive of Japanese camera firm Kikukawa has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to accounting irregularities.
A court in Egypt has ordered the retrial of three journalists convicted of spreading false news.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west London.
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out of England's autumn Test series against Argentina.
More than 100 people have died in Burkina Faso from a mosquito-borne disease, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to create a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been awarded £9,900.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 midfielder Dimitrios Bouchalakis on a season-long loan deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in eastern Syria, activists say.
The founder of an arts group in County Londonderry has been honoured with the BBC's Unsung Hero award.
A hospital is trying to recruit more than 100 new nurses to help it cope with a shortage of in-patients.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a knife attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather has told Conor McGregor he will knock him out inside four rounds if he wins their super-fight on Saturday.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs is a significant step in the right direction.
Hundreds of people have turned on the lights at a church damaged by floods.
Seven Iranian nationals have been charged with hacking into the websites of US companies, the FBI has said.
Championship side Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion teenager Callum Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University's main building is to undergo a major revamp.
Employers have become the first in the UK to offer automatic pension contributions to their employees.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire at a former seaside resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City striker Ben Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has announced the start of the torch relay for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At least seven people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-western Pakistan, officials say.
A police rattle has been unveiled in Surrey to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a detective who tackled some of the worst crimes of the Victorian age.
Three nurses at a Cardiff hospital have been given suspended prison sentences for failing to check blood glucose levels.
A judge in Brazil has temporarily halted work on a controversial hydroelectric dam in the north-eastern state of Rio de Janeiro.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the declining numbers of the Little Tern.
A baby pine marten has been born in mid Wales for the first time in more than 100 years.
A drugs mule who was jailed in Peru after being caught trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived in Glasgow.
A dog is to be used as a mascot for the government's new workplace pension scheme.
A man accused of murdering an 87-year-old woman told police he considered taking his own life, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House has been evacuated after a fire alarm went off in the middle of a performance.
Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading air ambulance experts, has died in hospital, the motorcycling union has said.
"Straight over a fella," was what Irish rugby legend Brendan Foley once said.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working.
Graeme McDowell missed the cut at the Scottish Open after carding a three-over-par 66 in the first round.
Plastic surgeons are using 3D printing to create new body parts using human cells.
The uninhabited Pacific islands of Palau lie off the coast of Indonesia.
Napoli moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with victory over AC Milan.
The original writers of Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' hit Uptown Funk have been given credit for the song, according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RCA).
China will never close its "open door" to the outside world, President Xi Jinping has told US business leaders.
A councillor has criticised Coca-Cola for opening a "sugar-free" sweet shop in Leicester.
A senior Met Police officer has been sacked for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who stabbed his children to death.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar, police say.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, the United Nations says.
The success of Great Britain's sporting teams at the 2012 Olympics has been hailed as a success.
The rollout of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England is to be delayed until the end of 2017, the health service has announced.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a stabbing in Birmingham.
It's the first week of campaigning for the general election in Greater Manchester.
A new water tariff is being launched to help people who struggle to pay their bills.
Aston Villa's Philippe Coutinho has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a deal until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Martin McGuinness, has called for an investigation into the burial of hundreds of newborn babies and young children.
One of the men involved in the Hatton Garden raid has admitted hiding a stash of stolen jewellery and precious stones in a cemetery.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of "fatbergs" in London's sewers.
Valve, the company behind the Steam virtual reality service, is to scrap a system that lets games appear on the service for the first time.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the country's intelligence services.
Former TV presenter Jimmy Clifford has denied sexually assaulting a woman in his office.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor clashed on stage as the Irishman prepared for their head-to-head fight in the United States.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's 4x100m relay squad for the World Championships in February.
Two men who died in an explosion at an RAF base in Norfolk died of carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
A 17th Century stone house that inspired the novel The French Lieutenant's Woman is to open to the public for the first time.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history by beating Leeds United in front of a record crowd at Anfield.
West Ham United will pay council rent of up to £2.5m a year for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium, the Information Commissioner's Office has ruled.
The Prince of Wales has described the scale of religious persecution around the world as "outrageous beyond all belief".
Pupils in England will receive £500 per year more in funding under plans announced by Education Secretary Nicky Morgan.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has announced a number of big tax increases for the next five years.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on BBC Radio 4's commentary box, the first thing I noticed was how much of a difference he made to the commentary box.
Real Madrid moved into the top four of La Liga with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's provincial government has passed a law recognising the right of Hindu women to marry.
Premiership side Harlequins have signed France fly-half Demetri Catrakilis on a two-year deal.
More than 3,000 people have been forced to flee their homes in Guatemala after a volcano erupted, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that could shed light on how well an individual is ageing.
A Pembrokeshire woman was lucky to be alive after a nut was thrown through her phone during the Manchester terror attack, her husband has said.
Russia says a Turkish air strike on the rebel-held Syrian town of al-Bab was a "total accident".
A plan to reorganise hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised by councillors.
Two diesel vessels have been rescued from the Dart estuary after they ran aground.
A woman has died in a fire at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Passengers on South West Trains were forced to get off their trains after being told they had trespassed on the track.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to import weapons and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering their nine-year-old daughter.
When it comes to cyber-security, small businesses are a very good place to start.
The future of the Hoover pension scheme in Merthyr Tydfil could be decided by the end of the year, BBC Wales understands.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Londonderry.
A woman has died and two other people have been injured in a two-car crash in East Lothian.
"If there was one thing we could be certain of after Brexit, it would be that we would be able to work together."
Business Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government wants to get a "good deal" for Wales in the wake of the High Court ruling on Brexit.
Scientists have made a 3D-printed cartilage from a rabbit's ear.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by the owner of Humberside Airport.
"On a Monday morning I went to work on the floor of the London Stock Exchange," says David Haynes.
Fleetwood Town have signed former Crawley Town midfielder Bobson Jones on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Durham University Boat Race has returned to the River Tyne for the first time in its history.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships have entered the English Channel.
All images courtesy of Dronestagram.
West Ham have signed striker Adebayo Emenike from Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Thieves have smashed a cash machine with a dumper truck and stole more than £20,000 from a bank.
England will begin their defence of the World Taekwondo Championship in China on Friday.
Tributes have been paid to a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands.
Sweden's Henrik Stenson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
French prosecutors say they hope to reach the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps on Monday.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of a US pastor who was barred from entering the country because of his views on homosexuality.
Scarlets wing Liam Williams is set to return to action against Zebre on Saturday after recovering from a serious ankle injury.
Drax Campbell has never been one to shy away from a challenge.
MSPs have been given a "triple-lock guarantee" over plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced that the Stormont Executive is to grant extra borrowing powers to the Civil Service.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a free transfer.
When Maria Sharapova was asked about David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar at Wimbledon last week, she did not know who they were.
A man has been found guilty of sexually abusing two boys at a residential care home.
The National Assembly for Wales should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, the Welsh Government has said.
Alun Cairns has described his first cabinet meeting with David Cameron as "dignified".
Plans for a new £1.3bn centre for creative industries in Swansea Bay have been criticised by council leaders.
A new breed of honey bee has been found to be more effective at fighting a deadly disease.
Plans for a £1bn East Midlands mosque have been given the go-ahead by a council.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back on Muhammad Ali's life.
When Rob Smith left Leeds Rhinos at the end of the 2008 season, he was one of the biggest names in rugby league history.
A Lebanese judge has ordered the release of two Australian children who were allegedly kidnapped in a "child recovery" operation, reports say.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computer algorithms that can identify cancer cells in a population of previously unseen cells.
Harlequins have signed Leinster scrum-half Ben Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A cab driver who caused a crash which killed a couple and seriously injured three others has been jailed for eight years.
The number of new enquiries about house prices in the UK fell by more than a third last month, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the "days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has been sent off in their European Champions Cup second-round tie with Toulon.
The murder of children's author Helen Bailey may have been carried out by a third party, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's 10m platform final at the European Aquatics Championships in London.
Plans have been submitted for two new homes on the site of a former school in County Antrim.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer.
Malaysian palm oil firm Olam says it buys 99% of its products from third party suppliers that are responsible for the annual haze caused by deforestation.
It is not unusual for a Labour peer to speak at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found washed up on a beach in County Antrim.
A new theory has suggested that the world's oceans are slowing down as temperatures rise.
What do you do when the transfer window closes?
A council has been ordered to pay Â£5,000 compensation to a family whose homes were destroyed by a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored a stoppage-time penalty as Arsenal came from behind to beat Hull City.
Facebook has removed more than 200 pages linked to child sex offenders in the UK, the BBC has found.
Aaron Ramsey scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal beat 10-man Norwich at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as the club's new elite performance director.
South Africa would "love" Keaton Jennings to play in the final Test against England, says England coach Steve Smith.
The Bank of England and the Prudential Regulation Authority have begun investigations into former HBOS senior managers, the City regulator has said.
NHS Lothian has suspended a member of staff after a woman was contacted on social networking site Facebook by a man who said he was checking her out.
Philippine troops say they have regained full control of the city of Marawi from Islamist militants who seized it last week.
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of "targeted harassment" after the company took out a message urging passengers to "get back on track".
Five teenagers have been arrested after a light aircraft crashed into a tree in Edinburgh.
A rapist who was jailed for raping a woman in Cardiff has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed batsmen Shiv Thakor and Chris Godleman for next season.
Two Polish police officers have been deployed to a town where a man was killed by a single punch.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, what do expats think about the implications for the UK's relationship with Australia?
An athletics club has been told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for training because of its lack of lighting.
Rihanna has announced that she will play four more shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford inflicted a first Super League defeat of the season on bottom side Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last five years, new figures show.
Hundreds of people have marched through the streets of the African-American city of Ferguson, Missouri, to protest against the killing of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride festival.
Lebanon's special tribunal investigating the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague.
Boris Johnson is one of the most controversial figures in British politics.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been denied parole for the second time in less than a year, his lawyer has said.
A 15-year-old boy who was left paralysed after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff has told Newsbeat he is "lucky to have survived".
A South Sudanese band has called on people to forgive each other and return to peace.
Oscar-winning director Fernando Babenco has died at the age of 72, his agent has confirmed.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can move faster than the previous generation.
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his wardrobe to charity shops.
Tanzanian President Hamisi Kigwangalla has criticised the health ministry's decision to ban the use of social media to promote homosexuality.
An 81-year-old man has died after being found unconscious in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested in connection with disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Northern Ireland striker Jack Washington says he is "lucky" to have qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
A £1.6m revamp of a historic manor hall has opened to the public.
A man and his wife have become the first married couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed the world's biggest arms trade treaty, saying it is a "new chapter" in the fight against arms trafficking.
The Great Manchester Run has been given the go-ahead by Manchester City Council to take place this weekend.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two motorcyclists collided.
Essex pace bowler Steven Harmer says he will never take more than 28 wickets in two games again.
A public inquiry into prisoner education and training is to be launched by the justice secretary.
For many Latin American countries, the removal of the democratically elected leader of a democratically-elected government during the 1980s and 1990s was one of the great triumphs of modern times.
In a laboratory in the Netherlands, a group of students are working together to develop a hydrogen-fueled bus.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car with the engine running and the lights on has been banned from driving for three years.
A former nightclub in Swansea is set to be demolished as part of Swansea council's plans to transform the city centre.
A dog has been dumped "traumatically and traumatically" on a dual carriageway in Kent.
A man has been shot dead in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks have signed Moldovan centre Vadimobilas from Premiership rivals Bordeaux for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed Tom Keatings from Hibernian on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
UK mortgage approvals rose to a five-year high in July, helped by a rise in remortgage approvals, according to official figures.
The father and son of a woman accused of murdering her in Pakistan have appeared in court charged with her murder.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant.
HGV drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set win over France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
Nigeria's former defence minister Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with fraud.
Police are searching for a father and his three children who went missing on Friday morning.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to draw with Ingolstadt.
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the opportunity to play against the world's top hockey players at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take "superman" ecstasy pills after the deaths of three people in Suffolk.
The Nobel economics prize has been awarded to Swedish economist Peter Holmstrom and economics professor David Hart.
A cold snap has hit Italy, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -6C (13F) in some parts of the country.
The European Atomic Energy Agency (AZ) is to carry out pioneering research into the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a new stand at the club's Franklin's Gardens ground.
Lambing season is coming to an end in north Wales.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Londonderry.
Bottles of whisky from a ship which was used in the film Whisky Galore have been sold at auction.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" after a sandcastle depicting a murder victim was mocked on social media.
The UK's decision to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states, with some commentators calling it a victory for the UK, while others see it as a defeat for Russia.
Plans to sell the British racing circuit to a private equity firm have been shelved.
Two World War Two glider pilots have been remembered for their bravery during the Battle of the Somme.
Brazil's Rio Tinto has raised its offer for Riversdale Holdings to 50% of the company's shares.
Opposition parties in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for a referendum on constitutional changes to be held on Sunday.
Leinster have signed Ireland international Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
The family of a five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer have said they are "devastated" after a fundraising target of £1m was reached.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International for $1.3bn (Â£1.6bn).
The EFL Cup third round and the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been drawn on Saturday.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jack Lloyd from League Two side AFC Wimbledon for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of a former seaside resort in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead.
A man has appeared in court in Kansas charged with the murder of an Indian man and a friend in a shooting that left two others dead.
Tributes have been paid to TV entertainer Keith Harris at his funeral in Bristol.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Gloucester in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered by a Dutch court to hand over details of fake reviews posted on its Google+ social network.
League Two Merstham Town have been drawn away to League Two side AFC Wimbledon in the first round of the FA Cup.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order allowing the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to investigate faith-based organisations for violating federal tax laws.
A woman who filmed a far-right activist speaking at a white nationalist rally has said she was "incensed and angry" at the comments he made.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a holiday park.
Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history.
The parents of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is looking into North Korea's potential bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.
A Turkish journalist has been shot dead by a masked gunman during a news conference in the capital, Ankara.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to make the county's Guildhall "self sufficient".
Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "proud" to see Brighton Festival taking shape this year.
Prince George is about to retire from the National Health Service.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a United Nations treaty on the rights of the disabled.
UKIP's leader in the House of Commons has said she is "concerned" by the High Court's ruling that Parliament should be given the go-ahead to start the process of leaving the EU.
More than 150,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national Read Aloud event in a bid to break the world record for the most children reading aloud.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as Yamaha team-mate Valentino Rossi finished second in a thrilling finish to the race in Japan.
Author JK Rowling has said she is "shocked" by the number of Twitter users who have criticised her for her political views.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by physical or psychological pressure, prosecutors say.
A World War I aerodrome has been given listed status by the government.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after two men were shot dead.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff and justice courts reached 95% in 2016, according to a new report.
Two horses have been named after Police Scotland's smallest police officer.
A man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a shop in Fife.
Pop star Redfoo has pulled out of this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling at a school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until 2 August.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet the Department of the Economy.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that Brexit could lead to the withdrawal of EU students from Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club record fee of £12m.
Big Ben is to be celebrated on the same day as Victory in Europe Day, according to a YouGov poll.
A new wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
Steve McNamara says he is "in no rush" to take over as England head coach after Saturday's series defeat by New Zealand.
A convicted Australian rapist has been found guilty of a further three rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for Princess Diana, the Prince of Wales has announced.
Softbank's £24.3bn takeover of British chipmaker ARM is an example of the City's "don't back" attitude towards the UK, according to former Treasury minister Lord Myners.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named as the BBC's Sound of 2017.
An Ontario amusement park has been charged with animal cruelty over the care of a peacock and a guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Women's Premier League.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i'r categori uchaf posib ers yr ymosodiad terfysgol ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday booking company has said it has become "impossible" to cope with the collapse of the business.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the coast of Tuscany in 2013, is to appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland votes to leave the EU.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle thousands of amphetamine pills into the country, the state news agency NNA says.
Mexican officials say they are in no rush to extradite drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman to the United States.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the first evidence of prehistoric people living 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for their conduct in the 2-2 draw with Chelsea on Sunday.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur, called Stegosaurus.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexual activity with a child under 16.
The new South Western rail operator has been accused of failing to provide a guarantee that a second person will be on board its trains.
Scientists have long believed that sauropods were able to cross the Earth from South America to Australia 95 million years ago.
A light aircraft has crashed into a tree in North Yorkshire.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has said that if the UK leaves the European Union, it will be up to the politicians to decide what happens next.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man accused of desecrating a Hindu temple in the city of Jammu.
The High Court has cleared the way for the next stage of a legal action against Lib Dem MP Alistair Carmichael.
A blind and partially sighted man has criticised a council's decision to install Braille paving in Hull.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have any chance of winning the world title.
The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed Ryan Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Barnsley for undisclosed fees.
Gay conversion therapy is being banned in the UK, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
A man who was tricked into reporting a hoax 911 call has told the BBC he is concerned about the rise in cybercrime.
A health trust which was placed in special measures after a culture of bullying and low morale among staff has been told it must improve.
Salmon exports to South Korea rose by more than 50% in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
Olympic double sculls silver medallist Sarah Grainger says she is grateful to her parents for giving her the first ever black belt in karate.
Dozens of stranded pilot whales have died in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner told police she fell and had a knife in her hand during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed former West Bromwich Albion striker Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan deal.
In the wake of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal, many people have been asking what's the most surprising use for a horse's solarium?
Tyrrell Hatton's Scottish Open victory earned him more than £500,000 in prize money.
England's four-wicket win over Pakistan in the second Test was "as good a four-day cricket as I've ever seen", says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first female ski racer to win 100 World Cup races.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests" to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria to the English Channel, Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has broken down the number of new cars sold in the UK and Spain affected by the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's hotly contested presidential and legislative elections.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned for two matches by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the pressures of the winter.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Brendan Rodgers has been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
When Canon Enid Morgan heard the news that women were to become bishops in the Church in Wales, she felt her stomach twist.
Former paramilitaries who suffered serious injuries during the Troubles should be entitled to a special pension, the BBC has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two people outside Jewish sites.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Latics defender Marc Dijks for an undisclosed fee.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will miss Anglesey when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end next month.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An inquest into the death of a man who was Tasered by North Wales Police has found the force's handling of the incident was "necessary and appropriate".
A man has been arrested in Washington on suspicion of murdering his family and setting fire to their home.
Malaysia's cinema regulator has approved the screening of Disney's Beauty and the Beast remake.
The body of a man has been recovered from a beach in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Australia Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse and abuse against asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for dozens of officials over the 2009 fire at a nursery in the city of Hermosillo.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a West Yorkshire schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
If you've ever spent a night in a hotel, you'll know that it's not the most pleasant experience.
Iker Casillas and Cesc Fabregas have been recalled to the Spain squad by coach Julen Lopetegui.
Anupam Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Booker Prize for fiction after being shortlisted for the prize for the first time.
The Tomatina Tomato Festival is celebrating its 70th anniversary in the town of Londonderry, County Down.
A young mako shark which jumped 15ft (6m) off the back of a fishing boat off the coast of Gwynedd has been rescued by a team of divers.
A young gorilla has performed a "dance" at a zoo to raise awareness of the importance of young apes.
When we first arrived at a hotel in the Belgian city of Ghent we were told to stay put.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland is at its lowest level since 2006, according to a nurses' union.
A World Cup anthem sung by England footballers during World War Two has been released.
Printers made by some of the world's largest manufacturers have been targeted by a hacker.
A teenager has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield kept their National League play-off hopes alive with a comfortable victory at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said he will "get his soapbox out any day of the week" over plans for TV election debates.
The final phase of the demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has been completed.
President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt has been sworn in for a second term in office.
Gianfranco Zola's reign as Barnsley manager came to an end with a draw against 10-man Birmingham City.
The Open University (OU) is to use data gathered from its online courses to help identify students who may be struggling.
Birmingham City Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One season with a hard-fought win over Nottingham Forest.
The number of people arrested in the US for illegally entering the country has more than doubled in the past year, officials say.
Australian cricketer Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League after comments he made on air about his batting style.
A Brazilian man has been arrested in Rome after police found cocaine with a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m) in his shoes.
The US and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, officials say.
Universities in Wales have "nothing to lose" after the Brexit vote, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's biggest dairy exporters.
A Doonhamers concert in Dumfries and Galloway has been cancelled due to low ticket sales.
Captain Sir Ben Ainslie led Team New Zealand to a dramatic victory over Oracle Team Oracle in the America's Cup final.
Angel Rangel says Manchester City are looking like the best team in the UK under Pep Guardiola.
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah Matthew both won in straight sets to reach the final of the British Open in Hull.
Nine former workers of a Londonderry construction firm are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Highland Hospital has reopened to the public after being closed to new admissions and visitors due to a norovirus outbreak.
A series of iconic photographs showing the poverty and terrible conditions faced by tens of thousands of people in England 50 years ago are to go on display.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
A ferry which capsized in the Channel off the coast of Guernsey has been brought in to carry freight.
A hotel worker has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted killing a feral cat in a kitchen.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel services.
Team Sky are being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad) over the use of banned drugs, the BBC has learned.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from his mother's Kent home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" in his English accent, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Rhys Phillips says the proposed merger of Racing 92 and Stade Francais is a "huge shock".
A new range of emoji flags for the UK has been approved by the Unicode Consortium.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Bullying towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children is on the increase, according to a report by a committee of MSPs.
A council in Aberdeenshire has been contacted by police after receiving an email containing the word "Scots Gaelic".
League One side Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player Ryan McShane on a two-year deal.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City have been approached by Rugby Borough Council over the possibility of a new home for the club, the council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Mark Morris says the county will look to strengthen their fast bowling department in the coming months.
Leicester hooker Alun Wyn Jones says he is determined to prove he is good enough for England after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne.
The home secretary has said it is too early to say whether the government's pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands will be included in its general election manifesto.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 11 points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on devolution after the Scottish independence referendum.
A blood test which can tell if people with Alzheimer's disease are at risk of developing the disease has been described as "exciting".
It's the world's largest cruise ship.
Wales pair Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand have left Reading by mutual consent.
A campaign has been launched to save Skegness's Jolly Fisherman from extinction.
French actor Jean-Claude Depardieu has said he is "delighted" that he has been granted Russian citizenship.
Defending champion Laura Noppert will take on world number one Heather Waites in the semi-finals of the Northern Ireland Open.
Swansea City have held talks with Rams boss Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee have appointed former St Mirren boss James McCann as their new manager.
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools are set to be declared national monuments after being listed by the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events and events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for his job as a referee at the Champions League final.
One of the world's largest corms has begun to flower at an Edinburgh garden.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian voters have rejected a constitutional ban on President Evo Morales.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Fulham midfielder Richard O'Neill on a season-long loan deal.
Five riders were disqualified from the Tour de France after being caught by a speeding train as they crossed the finish line.
A series of seismic events in the US state of Washington has been recorded by a seismic recording station.
Fifa's decision to suspend its sponsorship of the 2018 World Cup is a major blow to the world's biggest sporting brands, who have long been associated with the sport's governing body.
England say they have been penalised "terribly illegally" by Wales in their Six Nations game at Twickenham on Saturday.
A man accused of punching two guests at a wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation.
Britain's Ben Cavendish has become the first British rider to win two MotoGP races on the same day in the same year.
Nato forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners, the Nato military says in a statement.
Indonesia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of Southeast Asia's most stable democracies.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it continues to struggle to win more shoppers.
A new genetic test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved into the One-Day Cup quarter-finals with victory over Glamorgan at Lord's.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
The Sri Lankan army has released new photographs of a seven-year-old boy it says was killed in a battle with Tamil Tiger militants in 2009.
Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Manchester City and reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
A "drunken slob" who killed two women in separate incidents has been jailed for life for their deaths.
The story of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is one of the most captivating documentaries of its kind.
A Staffordshire hospital has been upgraded to "requires improvement" following an inspection.
Bombay House is one of the most recognisable buildings in the UK.
Deportivo La Coruna manager Josep Maria Sanchez has left the club by mutual consent.
Bill Cosby, the US comedian who has been accused of sexual assault, has returned a $10m (Â£6m) donation to a women's college, his lawyers have said.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup.
A woman has died and two men have been injured after a lorry crashed into a flat in North Ayrshire.
Three teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a riot in Carmarthenshire left police and motorists "terrified".
Frankie Dettori rode Air Force Blue to victory in the 2000 Guineas at Aintree.
India's government has proposed a law that would make it illegal to create and distribute unsanctioned maps of the country.
World number one Rory McIlroy finished joint 11th at the Dubai Desert Classic as England's Lee Westwood missed out on a place in the final round.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has said it needs to raise more than £500,000 to buy a portrait of an 18th Century slave.
Public hearings into allegations of historical child abuse against Lord Janner are to be held in March, it has been announced.
Voting is under way in local elections across England.
Israeli security forces have dismantled a key entrance to the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem, in the latest escalation in the Israeli-Palestinian crisis.
A six-year-old girl who went missing while visiting a monument in India has been found safe and well.
Three human feet have been found in a park in Bath, police have said.
The first "smart" motorways to be introduced on the M4 and M5 in England have been unveiled.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1m from its budget over the next three years.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley both hit centuries as Essex dominated day two against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge in a bid to save 1,500 officers and dogs.
Two police forces failed to spot a driver who was travelling in the wrong direction in Leicestershire, an inquest has heard.
Linfield secured their place in the second qualifying round of the Champions League with a goalless draw against La Fiorita.
Plans to create more marine protected areas in Wales have been scrapped, the environment minister has said.
Tranmere Rovers have re-signed Northern Ireland international Paddy Murphy on a free transfer.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A man accused of attempting to murder a Sun journalist by dousing him with acid could have been identified by DNA evidence, a court has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to attend a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK has "turned a corner", the Catholic Church has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
The husband of a British woman who was jailed in Iran for five years has said he is "completely convinced" she is innocent.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over League Two side Chesham United.
A man who was wrongly convicted of murdering a woman more than 40 years ago has been found guilty of her murder, a coroner has said.
A police officer who Tasered a man who killed a woman in a hostel said she believed he had staged an incident, an inquest has heard.
The former head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor.
A fire station in West Berkshire is to close permanently, the fire authority has confirmed.
If you are a Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a 16-year-old girl died after taking a class A substance.
A New Zealand man has won NZ$1m ($1m; £1m) in a bonus bond scheme, according to local media.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 18-year-old striker Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to make a $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) loss in the fourth quarter as a result of falling coal prices.
South African police have replaced Det Hilton Botha, who has been accused of premeditated murder in the case of Oscar Pistorius.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, is due to make her first public appearance since the general election.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has called on other Nato members to shoulder a fairer share of the cost of defence.
Iranian authorities have arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling, a court in Tehran has said.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won the fourth stage of the Women's Tour as Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Manchester.
A dog seized by police in Cornwall is to be flown to the US after its owner launched a late appeal against a destruction order.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been honoured with the People's Choice award at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Emma Pooley is to return to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a dog walker by dangerous driving.
An Asian man has said he was "disgraced" when he was questioned by police after he found wires hanging from his backpack on a London Underground train.
Portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a number of charity events with Scottish children.
Portsmouth secured their place in the League Two play-offs with a comfortable win over AFC Wimbledon.
The number of homicide cases in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1976, according to new figures.
Super League's top two will meet in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup as Warrington Wolves host Wigan Warriors.
Families in Northern Ireland have the lowest discretionary income in the UK, according to a new report.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix for the first time in his career to move closer to the world title.
Two-time Paralympic champion Shaun Whitehead's 40 marathons in 40 days have gone on display at the National Para-athletics Centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has told David Cameron he is "not sure the message has fully got home" as he took questions from Labour MPs at Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province in the wake of recent floods, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over its approval of an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
A lay-by in Conwy could be widened to reduce the risk of foreign-registered coaches getting stuck on the side of the road.
Ulster Bank customers are being warned to check their credit card and debit card balances after a major IT fault affected more than 600,000 accounts.
A man detained in connection with the Berlin truck attack last week has been released, German prosecutors say.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says he would be "confident" of taking the club to the Championship play-off final.
Two directors of an arts organisation on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant due to funding cuts.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) trust fund to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 4% under a higher mix of wind and solar power, according to a new report.
In the 1950s, senior doctors in England were offered a contract to keep them in private practice.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a van in Leicester.
Sam Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Bath came from behind to beat London Irish at the Madejski Stadium.
A signed contract signed by the Beatles manager John Lennon and manager George Epstein has sold at auction for £2,500.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv have reacted with shock to the news that Palestinian militants have been firing rockets from the Gaza Strip.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy has complained to Air Canada about an overbooking problem.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK.
The number of flights taking off and landing at London's Heathrow Airport is set to hit record levels this summer, the government has said.
The disappearance of Reddit's warrant canary is raising questions about the legality of such a move.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a selfie contest in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Police in Kenya have released CCTV footage showing soldiers apparently looting items from the Westgate shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi.
Clean-up work is under way to clear debris from beaches hit by flooding last month.
A third person has died after contracting flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home, health officials have confirmed.
Flash Gordon actor David Blessed has told how he helped a woman give birth to a baby with clots.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of attacks on women in the 1980s and 90s has denied telling them they were "on the way" to cancer.
A team of scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, are on a mission to break the ice in the Arctic Ocean.
Advertising revenue for the three months to the end of September rose 11% to $1.3bn (£1.4bn) from a year earlier, helped by a surge in online advertising.
Jazz Senga won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Royal Ascot for the first time in her career after a thrilling finish on Shutter Speed.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's demolition of its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
A Glasgow University student is using 3D scanning technology to help diagnose facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been taken over by a consortium led by Dunkin' Brands owner Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May may be able to call an early general election for the first time since the 2010 general election.
Staff at a council's headquarters which was badly damaged in a series of fires are to return to work on Monday, the authority has said.
The number of 999 calls to ambulance services in England has risen by more than 50% in the past year, figures obtained by BBC South East show.
Liverpool cruised into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Burton Albion.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the Women's World Twenty20 against India.
Ipswich Town captain James Taylor says he has no intention of leaving the club.
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United midfielder Liam Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that Russian hackers were trying to help him win the election.
Portugal's stock market has risen sharply amid fears that a left-wing coalition government could collapse.
Northern Ireland snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Five men who carried out an armed robbery at a flat in Fife have been jailed for eight years.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on a one-month loan deal.
"I'm the son of John Toshack and I want to be his own man."
Poorer children are more likely to be involved in violent crime than poorer children, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of the "brutal" murder of his ex-girlfriend.
Jousting is one of the most dangerous sports in the world, but for James Dredd, it is also one of his most dangerous.
A UK firm has said it is "very confident" a food poisoning outbreak linked to sprouted seeds has been linked to the sale of its products in France.
It would be "unusual and unwelcome" for a health regulator to advise bidders on how to improve fertility services, a council has said.
The M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a fatal crash involving a car and a lorry.
The girlfriend of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women, including a 15-year-old girl.
Huge swathes of Britain are now doing worse than their parents' generation, according to a report by the government's social mobility commissioner.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's test of a ballistic missile, saying it violated a UN Security Council resolution.
A rail magazine has accused Network Rail of "embarrassing fallout" over delayed engineering works on the East Coast Main Line.
Bristol's Andrew Selby will defend his IBF featherweight title against Wales' Chris Norman on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors were knocked out of the European Champions Cup by Northampton Saints in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Championship strugglers Sheffield United were held to a draw by League One strugglers Chesterfield.
Wales' place name society is being set up in a bid to better understand the meaning of the country's place names.
Labour has launched its Welsh general election campaign with five pledges.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Para-cycling World Championships in Rio.
A judge is to review the way the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of historical child sex abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Kazuo Yanagihara and American author James McCarthy have been shortlisted for this year's Man Booker Prize.
A senior clergyman has resigned from his post after a Koran reading at a Glasgow cathedral was criticised.
One of Norway's most notorious Islamist militants has complained about the conditions he is being held in solitary confinement.
Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 132 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they did not leak a draft of the party's general election manifesto.
A drug to treat Alzheimer's disease may be on the horizon, according to scientists who have carried out the first phase of clinical trials.
Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkin has gone "too far", Sinn Féin MLA John McCann has said.
A former Olympic gold medallist has admitted attacking a woman at a Glasgow supermarket after she criticised his work.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they held Barcelona to a draw at the Nou Camp.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is being used for the construction of the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm.
A man has been jailed in Lapland for the murder of his long-term partner.
A Swansea scientist has been recognised for his contribution to the development of radar technology during World War Two.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his photographs on social media since he was diagnosed with a rare form of vision loss.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be planted in the UK.
At least 110 Afghan police officers have been freed from their positions at a base held by the Taliban, officials say.
Welsh folk music is one of the oldest and most important traditions in the world.
The number of critically ill patients being transferred to another ward in Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, a report has found.
Former Swansea City boss Tony Pulis has been appointed as the new owner of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The United Nations says it has rescued 36 Yazidi civilians held by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Police in the Spanish region of Catalonia have detained two women in connection with a flashmob in which people pretended to be paparazzi.
Who are the best football teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal's capital, Kathmandu.
The chief executive of one of Wales' biggest community health bodies has been suspended over concerns about media coverage.
As the Knights of Malta celebrate their 900th anniversary in Rome, the BBC's Matthew Festing looks at how the monastic order is changing.
Lizzie Carr, the actress who played Liesl in Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A court in the US has sentenced a 27-year-old man to five years in prison for hacking into the servers of so-called Islamic State (IS).
What do you know about Formula 1's top three drivers?
The chief constable of Surrey Police, Cressida Owens, has been accused of "moral cowardice" over her handling of child protection concerns.
An investigation has been launched into the death of a woman at a hospital in Cumbria.
British tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Rhys North says he is determined to keep scoring tries for his country.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been freed.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne staff in a dispute over a new contract has been called off.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" in their World Twenty20 semi-final against Sri Lanka on Saturday.
At least 104 people are now known to have been killed in floods and landslides in northern Thailand, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS) in raids targeting tourist sites in Berlin and Cologne.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been charged with breaching the Football Association's betting rules.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a flight from Istanbul to London was diverted to Istanbul.
Blackpool chairman David Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a supporter who claimed he was threatened with a gun by the club's chairman.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
The administrators of a hotel in Aberdeen have put it up for sale after it was put into administration.
Andre Ward will defend his IBF super-heavyweight title against Sergey Kovalev at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Planned cuts to legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk harming a system of fair justice, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's entourage has died at the age of 93.
Ospreys secured their place in the Pro12 play-offs with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium.
An investigation is under way after a fire at one of the deepest coal mines in the UK.
An alleged victim of child sex abuse has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" of not reporting it to police.
Glamorgan remain in contention for a place in the quarter-finals of the One-Day Cup after a comfortable win over Essex at Chelmsford.
Three of the UK's most senior cabinet ministers are travelling to the US and Australia to discuss post-Brexit trade.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lancashire, police have said.
In the fields around Pisky in the east of the Ukrainian city of Donetsk there was a lull in the fighting.
Cardiff Devils are not the bad guys for having to play two games in a row the night before the Challenge Cup final, says assistant coach Chris Kelman.
Rock star Stevie Collins has been forced to postpone two of his UK tour dates after suffering a cut on his eye.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
World Snooker players have voted in favour of the Shoot Out Championship being counted as a ranking event.
Olympic dressage champion Lizzie Dujardin will ride Uthopia in the opening leg of the Olympia Grand Prix on Thursday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury for trainer Frankie Dettori.
At the end of last month, the Ayotzinapa University students went missing.
The National Theatre's director Peter Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the theatre.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week at the Isle of Man TT qualifying session on Thursday night.
In the middle of the dale is a field of green, white and blue.
More than 70 jobs have been lost at a London-based restaurant chain which has gone into administration.
Thirteen members of an organised crime gang have been jailed after cocaine with an estimated street value of up to £4.5m was seized.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a student by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract which would see them get extra payments for working outside normal working hours.
The RSPCA is to review the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Devon and Cornwall.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in Germany to resume production at two of its plants in Braunschweig, where production has been halted.
The Liberal Democrats would offer free bus travel to young people from the age of 18 if they win power, Deputy PM Nick Clegg has said.
Jos Buttler hit a career-best 116 as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced by the European Commission.
As the festive season draws to a close, hospitals across the UK are preparing for a festive feast.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was fourth fastest in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli introduced a soft tyre.
The family of an Iraq director who was found dead at a London airport have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports.
Emily Scarratt has been ruled out for the rest of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury.
A former BBC Radio Leicester DJ has told a court he was "probably too old" to have sex with his ex-wife.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Alberto Contador and Richie Porte in the Criterium du Dauphine after the third stage.
Joe Cardle scored a stoppage-time winner as Dunfermline came from behind to beat Falkirk.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet urging people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten glacier in the south-east of the continent could lose up to 1.5m of sea-level rise if it continues to shrink, scientists say.
When Richard Nixon announced that he was firing the head of the FBI in the wake of the 1973 election, the reaction was swift and furious.
Workers on an offshore platform have claimed they were exposed to high levels of radioactive material during a planned shutdown.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the murder of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 13 migrants have died after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead by her husband in South Africa four years ago, say they are still waiting for justice.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka ended in a draw after rain forced the abandonment of the match at Bristol.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Priddle looks at the political implications of devolution.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after former MK Dons boss Paul Robinson was racially abused by a Charlton supporter.
Hibernian cruised into the second round of the Scottish League Cup with an emphatic victory over Bonnyrigg.
Scotland have called up South African centre George Jones for the first two Tests against Japan and Japan in June.
The Queen has thanked the public for their messages of goodwill during her 90th birthday celebrations.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at a ceremony in York.
Nottinghamshire pace bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the new ball, says England and Wales Cricket Board director of cricket Steve Read.
The Queen of Sealand has died at the age of 90, her family has confirmed.
A Ukulele group has won a legal battle with a German-based orchestra.
Plans to test 11-year-olds on their times tables will go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into air strikes on a hospital run by the Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF).
Cliftonville have signed former Crusaders defender Paul McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"We used to collect oil from trees," said Dedel, as he walked along the path of the Seeds of the Forest project in Rio de Janeiro.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium.
Gateshead striker James Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
The internet has exploded in the US over the weekend.
MSPs have backed a bill which would allow same-sex couples in Scotland to marry in civil partnerships.
TalkTalk customers have been conned out of more than £100,000 in a multi-million dollar scam, according to three whistleblowers.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Scotland's economy has suffered a "lost decade" under the SNP, according to the country's economy minister.
A woman from Edinburgh has become the first woman in the UK to have her ovary re-implanted after cancer treatment.
Nick Yarris, who spent 22 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania, has spoken about his life on the 13th date of his execution.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Marseille Open.
There's a lot to watch out for in the House of Commons this week.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's police force has said the force needs more officers to deal with rising crime.
Swansea City have been a club in the Premier League for more than 40 years, but what does it take to become a legend?
Liverpool's record goal of the season was scored by Emre Can in their 2-1 win at Vicarage Road.
Scotland is to become the first country in the world to take part in a trial to see if it can prevent type-1 diabetes.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.6bn) in funding from angel investors.
The government has rejected a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the formal process of leaving the EU without the approval of Parliament.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party is being investigated by police over an alleged attack on an MP in December.
Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by 20% and reduce costs by £6m over the next two years.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has said he feels "let down" by the way Team Sky has been portrayed by the media.
A trade union leader has called for a legal budget to be set up by Liverpool City Council.
A north-west London school is to close its sixth form after the government agreed to stop providing post-16 education.
England scrum-half Dylan Hartley insists he will not be distracted by selection for the British and Irish Lions.
Scientists have stitched a protein patch on to the hearts of people who have suffered heart attacks.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has confirmed that midfielder Peter Whittingham is set to sign a new contract with the Championship club.
The BBC Proms takes place in the Royal Albert Hall in London on Saturday, and it's not just the music that gets you excited.
Former US President Barack Obama will visit Ireland next month, the Irish ambassador to the Republic of Ireland has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he would not be "on our toes" if Paul Pogba had not been featured on social media.
A trial of a drug to treat cervical cancer in Northern Ireland is being trialled by Queen's University Belfast.
Gordon Strachan insists there is "no getting away" from Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
The earliest known evidence of human occupation of the Americas is 130,000 years old, according to a new study.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce will make his debut for a non-league club on Saturday.
The United Nations has warned President Donald Trump it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping work.
A man who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Most children in England do not have the freedom to roam freely in their local area, according to a new study.
Six police officers have been placed on special measures after a man's fingers were severed in a toilet incident.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable win over Partick Thistle.
More than £2bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears has not been recovered by the government, it has emerged.
US comedian Russell Brand has been criticised on social media after tweeting a reporter's mobile number and email address.
Israel's general election campaign is one of the most intense in the country's history.
Aberdeen and Kilmarnock are the latest Scottish football clubs to have their bank debts wiped out by Lloyds Bank.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the prison sentence of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets.
The number of adult mental health patients placed out of care in Cornwall must be cut by 2020/21, the county coroner has said.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his job is the "most interesting job in world football".
The amount of rubbish dumped on beaches in the UK has risen by more than a fifth in the past year, a conservation charity has said.
Portsmouth defender Callum Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham has revealed he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother drew an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not seek re-election if he wins the general election in May.
The world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have reached a settlement over the Rio de Janeiro dam disaster.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that will reduce the amount of baggage on board.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series.
A 52-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences against children, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Latham and Mark Steel both hit centuries as Durham made a strong start to their Championship Division Two campaign against Durham.
Bradford City have signed striker Jack Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and brought in ex-Portsmouth striker Chris Jones on loan for the rest of the season.
It has been a good day for the pound.
Two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in Belfast more than 30 years ago have been ordered to be named.
An independent review is to be carried out into the death of a baby at a nursery in Greater Manchester.
More than 5,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales in the first half of the year, official figures have shown.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his 10th Wimbledon title.
A woman who persuaded her husband to take a prescription of heroin has been jailed for two years.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Chris Ogogo has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the race.
World number one Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
A sinkhole has opened up in a residential street, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England's spinners are "horrifically" capable of taking wickets in the limited-overs series against India, says former captain Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs are to be axed at a career advice and training organisation in Cardiff, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they beat Lithuania in the mixed team event.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Chancellor George Osborne has set out his spending plans for the next four years in his Spending Review.
Daniel Craig has been described as the "best actor to play James Bond".
Chris Northeast hit an unbeaten century as Essex beat Kent by eight wickets in the Division Two game at Chelmsford.
Quebec's Muslim community is still reeling from the shooting at a mosque in Quebec City on Monday.
ITV workers have voted in favour of strike action in a row over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Steve Mott says the club must "show what they have got" this season if they are to avoid relegation from Division Two.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking at the Conservative Party conference in London on Thursday.
A woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in Norfolk.
The world is taking the ocean for granted, according to a UN report.
Why is George Osborne spending £23bn less than he thought in July?
Tata Steel is considering mothballing part of its plant in Newport with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
At least 55 greyhound puppies have been found dead in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia.
Falkirk defender Tony Houston has dismissed speculation linking him with a move to Sunderland.
Paul Daniels was one of the UK's most recognisable and well-known tricksters.
The amount of compensation paid to rail passengers affected by disruption has more than doubled in the past three years.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have said they have already heard from more than 220 people.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has revealed that he is suffering from postnatal depression.
A Breckland council has approved plans to cut the amount of time it takes to have a cigarette.
A student has described the "inhumane" moments she and her friend were trapped on the balcony of the Nottingham Arena during the Paris terror attack.
England's hopes of winning the Ashes suffered a major blow as they were bowled out for 263 on day four of the third Test in Melbourne.
An Australian woman has died in Indonesia after being poisoned with cyanide, police say.
Leigh Burke's £13m move from Nottingham Forest to German side RB Leipzig is a "massive step", according to former Scotland striker John McGovern.
The husband of a woman who was found dead in her flat has been charged with her murder.
A Buddhist monk who killed himself outside a shrine in Sri Lanka on Saturday was planning to kill himself, the government has said.
Japanese firm Hitachi has agreed to buy a UK nuclear power venture, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
The Scottish Labour Party can no longer rely on the "big beasts" to lead it forward, the party's former leader has said.
Chris Pratt's latest film, Jurassic World, has become the highest-grossing film of 2014.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of smuggling cocaine worth more than A$2,000 (Â£1,500) into the country.
Neymar scored twice as La Liga leaders Barcelona came from behind to beat Sevilla.
Police have appealed for information after a number of items worth thousands of pounds were stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
It was a night to remember for many, many reasons.
The UK's withdrawal from the World Trade Organization (WTO) could have a significant impact on the UK's trade relationship with the EU.
Action Man is celebrating its 50th birthday.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the University of Bristol's Great Hall.
Engineers have developed a 3D printing system that mimics the movement of viscous liquid threads.
Roger Federer won the men's doubles at the French Open for the first time with victory over Richard Gasquet in Lille.
A number of major roads in Scotland have been closed due to snow and ice.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw by Wycombe in League Two.
A man is in a stable condition in hospital after being shot at a house in Londonderry.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been arrested after their car crashed into a ditch in the US state of South Carolina.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in Edinburgh city centre.
A memorial has been unveiled to mark the 70th anniversary of a US air disaster in which 10 people died.
Justice Clarence Thomas has been reported to have asked a question about gun laws during oral arguments at the US Supreme Court.
A US appeals court has ruled that a gay marriage ban in California should not be lifted, after two gay couples launched a legal challenge.
The finance secretary has been accused of "showing contempt" for MSPs by refusing to reveal details of his spending plans ahead of the Autumn Statement.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after three years in charge of the county.
Thousands of people have taken part in the world's biggest wrestling competition.
Police investigating the murder of a man in north Belfast have appealed for information about the shooting.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap to play Barbara Mitchell, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are taking legal action against the owners of stolen cars.
A 56-year-old woman who bit a postman in the leg has been warned that a second bite would bring destruction.
"The vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held for 130 victims of Friday's attacks in Paris that left 130 people dead.
An MSP has resigned from his seat to stand in a by-election in the Borders.
At least three people have been killed in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
If you want to see some of the world's famous landmarks, you might want to check out Google Earth.
A golfer has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a crocodile on the 11th hole of the Australian Open.
Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays to reflect its diversity.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has continued to fall, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of having a "cunning plan" to deal with Brexit, after the Labour leader made a reference to Edmund Baldrick.
The sequel to the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be made up of two films, Warner Bros has confirmed.
The co-founder of the so-called Silk Road drug marketplace has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute drugs.
A fox cub has been rescued after it was mistaken for a puppy.
Junichi Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
The award-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "20th Century" after it refused to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
Police are investigating the deaths of two women whose bodies were found in a flat in Glasgow.
Ian King has been voted on to the board of Rangers after the club's annual general meeting (EGM).
A second man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster was first cast in the BBC One drama Doctor Foster, actress Gemma Jones says she was "very, very grateful" for the role.
Racism in football in Wales is widespread, according to players and coaches.
An acting head teacher has admitted making indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
More than 26,000 people have attended a gay pride rally in Singapore's capital, Singapore.
The UK economy is in a very precarious position.
Insects thrive as well in urban landscapes as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl in West Yorkshire.
More than 469 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued off the coast of northern Indonesia, officials say.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains after a series of incidents in which safety equipment was allegedly bypassed.
It was a big Budget, a big mess, a huge mess.
Kia has been named the best car brand in the US for the first time, according to a new survey.
Syrian boy Safid has told Newsround he wants to travel to the UK to see if he can get a better life.
Politicians from across Northern Ireland have been reacting to the election result.
A record number of hate crimes were committed by Canadians in 2015, according to official figures.
The death of Marussia driver Luca Bianchi in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix has been described as a tragedy that will never be forgotten.
Voters in London go to the polls on 8 June to choose a new mayor, transport secretary and transport secretary.
The UK abolishing Air Passenger Duty would be an "advantage" for airlines operating in Northern Ireland, according to the chief executive of British Airways.
A driver has died in a crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
DNA tests can predict the progression of blood cancers, according to researchers at Cardiff University.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that US women's football players are not entitled to strike over pay.
The UK government has agreed to allow Simi the dog to be brought into the UK from Belgium, the zoo has said.
BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Public Producers' Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Phil Spencer announced the launch of the Xbox One X at E3 last year, he didn’t expect it to deliver high-fidelity visuals.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after it took down a page about him.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 1993, it was hailed as "one of my lowest professional moments".
BBC Newsnight's James Clayton has travelled to the French port city of Calais to find out what life is like there.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate the governance of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Russian ballroom dancer Aliona Vilani has ruled herself out of the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
William Hague has called for a "new and strong international agreement" on how to stop the flow of arms to Sunni militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will leave Napoli at the end of the season if he meets the club's release clause, a club source has told the BBC.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill which would require companies to certify their gender pay programmes.
Nigeria's government has responded to the mass abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in north-eastern Borno state by releasing a statement saying most of the girls are still missing.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has been refused permission to take legal action over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be cut by up to 4p, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside Henley Royal Regatta in Reading.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on loan until the end of the season.
Bilkis Bano, who was raped and murdered by Hindu mobs during the 2002 Gujarat riots, says she feels vindicated.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players he would never speak about his side's "high-intensity" draw with Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" by the number of people who have contracted HIV in the UK.
Dozens of EU nationals from non-UK countries have been sent polling cards in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has confirmed.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says the club would like to see defender Bailey Wright's contract terminated.
China has confirmed it has deployed surface-to-air missiles on disputed islands in the South China Sea, according to US media reports.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Europe to "take its destiny into its own hands" after US President Donald Trump said climate change talks were "very unsatisfactory".
Last week, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme aired a documentary about the plight of women who are unable to work because of pain.
The chancellor has defended the introduction of a new levy on apprenticeships, saying it is a "huge reform to raise the skills of the nation".
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay more than £40,000 to a former MP who said he was sexually abused by his constituents.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a nationwide strike to protest against the result of the disputed presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in Woodbury.
For many people, a holiday is a chance to relax and enjoy the outdoors.
Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Evangelos Papademos has been injured in a car explosion in the capital, Athens, reports say.
A number of police officers have been injured in an attack in County Down.
Favourite Galileo won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by two police officers in the US state of Louisiana has described the incident as "the most disturbing thing I've seen".
Scientists in Canada have implanted GPS tracking devices into the skin of slugs.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 semi-finals for the first time in their history with a dramatic extra-time win over Austria.
The remains of a girl thought to be the first Native American to live in the Americas have been discovered in Mexico.
President Donald Trump's explanation for his decision to disclose classified information to the Washington Post has been met with a wave of the hand on Twitter.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must be "professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Chemical samples from Syria are being sent to laboratories around the world for analysis, the BBC has learned.
Smart glasses designed to help blind and partially sighted people find their way around have been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
An Iranian court has sentenced a Washington Post journalist to death for plotting against the government, state media report.
Two pairs of sand martins have hatched at a quarry on the Isle of Wight for the second year in a row.
Sea otters may have helped revive ailing seagrass grass in southern California, according to a new study.
A man with locked-in syndrome has launched a legal challenge to the law that allows assisted dying in England and Wales.
A man has been given a two-year jail sentence for running a drugs run in County Londonderry.
The number of infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 has risen to 1,000, the Irish government has said.
When Thommo Nicholl's Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup at Hampden Park, it was a moment that will forever be etched into the history of Scottish football.
Plans to make physical education a core part of the national curriculum in Wales have been backed by the National Union of Teachers.
The parents of Charlie Gard, the baby with the most severe form of brain damage in the world, have called for his life support to be switched off.
Schools should include outdoor learning in their curriculum, according to a new report.
Lancashire have appointed Peter Chapple as their new head coach following the departure of Peter Moores.
England batsman Alex Hales has been refunded £4.10 by a fan who tweeted about the slow rate of interest on the final day of the Test against Pakistan.
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Thames is to be installed in Bath by the end of 2016.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been described as "The Group of Death".
The father of a woman who died in a gang-rape attack in Singapore has said he will reveal her name only if a law is named after her.
The United States has become the first country in the world to decriminalise the possession and trafficking of drugs.
Plans to open two RSPB nature reserves in Hampshire have been delayed because of flooding.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a number of raptors from a National Forest estate in the Highlands.
A serving Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences, including making bombs and storing explosives in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Brewery chain Brains has announced plans to open more coffee shops in south Wales and the south west of England.
Manchester City have signed Real Madrid defender Nicolas Otamendi on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for eight years for killing a fellow scooter club member in a hit-and-run crash.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Malachi O'Doherty considers whether direct rule is the best option for Northern Ireland.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has cut its forecast for global oil demand for the third quarter.
Chris Coleman's "burning desire" to take Wales to a World Cup is why he signed a new contract, says former Wales defender Pat Roberts.
More than half of the world's adults over 60 are living in poverty, according to a new report.
Derby County have agreed a deal to sign Barnsley defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Chadwick Boseman is to star alongside Lupita Nyong'o in the new Black Panther film.
A 25-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire.
Four men have been remanded in custody after drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m were found in a van in County Armagh.
A man has been jailed for eight years for murdering a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection exercise has told an inquest it was not in his son's thought process to stop the exercise.
Shaker Aamer, the last British detainee to be held in Guantanamo Bay, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Europa League exit was a "hard lesson" for his side.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell more than 10% after financial services group Standard Chartered said its full-year profits would be lower than expected.
U2's Dennis Sheehan has died at a hotel in Los Angeles, the band have confirmed.
Billy Shankland scored twice as Ballymena United came from behind to beat Livi Town.
Former Northern Ireland captain John McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be able to play for Northern Ireland in Euro 2016 because of a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two Rabobank traders have been charged in the US with conspiring to manipulate the Libor benchmark interest rate.
Chelsea Ladies secured a 1-0 win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League first qualifying round tie.
Cameroon's Football Association (Fufa) says it is "confident" coach Aleksandar Sredojevic's salary arrears will be cleared by the end of the month.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who has not spelled out how she would change the party's approach to business.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the leader of Taiwan, the White House has said.
Harvard University in the US is considering changing the job titles of its house masters, amid a row over the use of the word "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-1 win over Australia in Moscow.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo say they have dismantled tents and shacks set up by drug addicts who have fled into neighbouring streets.
Martin McGuinness is to visit Belgium to mark the centenary of World War One.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says his side are "not good enough" to compete for the Premier League title this season.
Many Clouds, the winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup last weekend, died after suffering a pulmonary haemorrhage, a report has said.
It's that time of year again when the January transfer window closes.
The number of reservists in the Army has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to government figures.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was "completely aware" his team were not "perfect, unbeatable" as they continued their poor start to the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello will not be offered a new contract until the 2018 World Cup, Russian media report.
A British wildlife expert has called on the European Union to crack down on illegal spring hunting in Malta.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in the West Midlands.
One of Scotland's leading audio companies has confirmed it is proposing to cut 70 jobs in a bid to save the company from closure.
Eddie Evans scored his first goal for West Brom as the Baggies came from behind to beat Stoke City in the FA Cup third round.
Oxford's main pedestrian route through the centre of the city is to be closed because of "unacceptably long waits" for buses, buses and taxis.
Franchisees of McDonald's restaurants in Europe are being accused by the European Union of abusing their dominant market position.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
When Tony Blair announced a series of anti-terrorism measures in the run-up to the general election in May, it was the most significant moment of the campaign so far.
Swansea City secured their first Premier League win of the season with a 3-0 victory over Crystal Palace, while Hull City were relegated.
Bradford Bulls have confirmed they have reached an agreement with the High Court over the sale of the club.
Human remains have been found by police investigating the murder of Louise Tiffney 15 years ago.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the South African Open.
US President-elect Donald Trump has called the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal a "horrible deal".
A 12-year-old girl has won a cake competition with a life-size version of Jennifer Lawrence.
Amnesty International has accused the European Union of "sugarcoating" a controversial plan to send all irregular migrants back to Turkey.
The Department of Justice is to pay compensation to eight former Catholic school pupils who were injured during anti-Catholic protests in Belfast.
An annotated version of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany, 70 years after it was published.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a water pipe burst above two classrooms.
Mae Theresa May wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May.
Brazilian club Corinthians have ruled out signing Manchester City's Carlos Tevez.
The French rock band Noir Desir is one of France's most celebrated and influential bands.
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi dau gymal yn eu dymuniadau da'r Tour de France ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has landed in Honolulu to mark the 75th anniversary of the 1941 attack on a US naval base in Hawaii.
The UCI says it will investigate claims that a rider racially abused another rider at the Tour de France.
The UK's drugs watchdog has issued a warning about the dangers of buying "smart drugs" for university exams.
The European Union is considering sending troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) as part of a UN peacekeeping mission, EU ministers have said.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Scotland striker James Clarkson on a one-year contract.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points as they came from behind to beat Valencia.
The Wales football team have arrived in Cardiff ahead of Euro 2016.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United on Sunday will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website.
Egyptians have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new constitution, paving the way for the country's transition to democracy.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence that a plane that crashed in the Yangon strait in June was deliberately sabotaged.
A man has been found guilty of the most serious breach of the EU's medicines control regime.
All the papers lead with the story of the EU's chief Brexit negotiator.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in the world.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent.
Three polar bears have been caught on camera pawing at a strange object at a safari park in South Africa.
Historic Scotland has published a list of potential locations for a Roman battle site.
Derry City manager Joey Barton has revealed that Brendan Rogers was left "horrified" after a video appeared to show the Tyrone midfielder clattering into a Tyrone player.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in parts of England and Wales, with heavy rain forecast for Thursday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump.
The first of 11 giant offshore wind turbines has been moved into place in a Norwegian fjord.
World number one Dustin Johnson is one shot off the lead at the WGC-HSBC Champions in North Carolina.
Newsweek, the US news magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, with the hashtag #lastprint.
The Russian rouble has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar in more than two years.
Theresa May has told rank-and-file police officers that "life should mean life for anyone convicted of killing a police officer".
The campaign for the UK to leave the European Union will be focusing on the south Wales valleys and north Wales valleys.
A man who carried out an armed robbery at a post office in Glasgow has been jailed for five years.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Brazil.
HMS Ocean, the Royal Navy's amphibious assault ship, is to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The fall in the value of the pound has cut growth forecasts for the UK economy, according to the EY Item Club.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason on loan until the end of the season and former Aston Villa striker Ben Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour would offer a "settlement for business" in return for investment in the UK.
A former Irish police commissioner and the former justice minister, Michael Callinan, have been cleared of corruption in the force, a report has found.
The number of people being held at the Brook House removal centre in south-west London has more than doubled in two years, a Home Office report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side are "in pretty good shape" as they prepare to defend their Six Nations title against Ireland on Saturday.
When I arrived at the Royal Troon for the first round of the Scottish Open, I was greeted with a mixture of excitement and fear.
Chelsea captain John Terry will appeal against his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough, says manager Antonio Conte.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the M4 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
Children in the UK are being warned about the dangers of downloading a child-friendly app.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death in a car chase.
More needs to be done to improve immigration policies, according to accounting firm PwC.
Derry City earned their first win of the season as they held on to beat Harps 2-1 in the All-Ireland Football qualifier at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will need to be created in England by the end of next year, the Local Government Association has warned.
Work to build a new road linking Cardiff Bay to the east of the city is set to start on Thursday.
At a mosque in the Egyptian city of Giza, hundreds of people gathered on Thursday night for the first "Day of Rage".
Actress Vicky McClure has said she was "mortified" when she was thrown off a tram named after her.
The mother of Lily Allen has spoken of her "horrendous" ordeal with a stalker who stalked the singer for years.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought under one authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway food manufacturer is to invest £1m in a new factory in Kirkcudbright.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association following the Euro 2012 play-off second leg in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp's management company is suing the actor for more than $60m (£40m) in damages, according to reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the club's new director of cricket.
The head of the Church in Wales has said he was "not against organ donation at all".
Wales should be central to the debate on the future of the UK, Stephen Crabb has said.
Championship side Rochdale have signed former Reading and Ipswich Town left-back Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Matt Quigley scored a hat-trick as Livingston came from behind to beat Premiership leaders TNS.
A council in Surrey has proposed a 15% rise in council tax in a bid to save £450m from its annual budget.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said he will lift a ban on the activities of firms operating in Somalia.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the National League after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
The number of people out of work in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since 2001, official figures show.
Russia's military says it intercepted a Dutch submarine on a secret mission near the Syrian port of Latakia on Sunday.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has said he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie.
Bradford has been crowned the UK's Curry Capital of Britain.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has gone straight to number one in the UK.
Up to 10,000 people have been displaced by the conflict in Syria, the UN says, as thousands of people continue to arrive in Turkey.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash in the north-western state of Veracruz, officials say.
Kenya has returned to the polls after five years of violence in which more than 1,000 people were killed.
Celtic and Linfield have agreed a new date for their Champions League second-round qualifier in Belfast.
London's Heathrow Airport is to close for two weeks for the refurbishment of the runway.
A man is in a "critical condition" in hospital after being stabbed in the leg while trying to cross a road.
The mayor of Bristol has paid tribute to Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 87.
Derby County have signed former Hull City striker Tom Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has emerged in the UK, but what does this mean for readers?
Former Ireland rugby star Mike Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed England back row forward Nic White on a deal until the end of the season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Burundi, one of Africa's poorest countries, is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in a mental health unit.
Mark McGhee would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not step down as Scotland manager.
Merseyrail workers are to stage further strikes in a row with the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union ahead of the Grand National.
Thousands of people have attended a concert by Afghan singer-songwriter Nabeel Sayeed in the Afghan capital, Kabul, despite death threats.
A woman has been arrested after being stopped by police on the M4 in Greater Manchester.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City wing-back Tom Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jack Raggett's first-half goal earned Dover victory over Welling to move them out of the National League relegation zone.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as investors weighed the impact of the US election result.
More than 150 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland following heavy rain.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of shooting at a group of nude beachgoers in the north-eastern city of Porto-Vecchio.
Chinese fashion designer Zhang Zhiyuan has become the first woman to win a competition to shave her armpits.
A former Wales rugby player has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest after tests showed he had abnormal blood readings.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Cairo and Alexandria over the transfer of uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, Egyptian officials say.
Sportswear retailer Sports Direct has warned that the value of the pound against the dollar is set to fall by up to £20m in the current financial year.
Ed Sheeran has taken to the road for the first time in the new series of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage has been given the go-ahead to appear on BBC Radio 4's Today Programme.
More needs to be done to tackle waiting times for heart and knee surgery in Wales, surgeons have warned.
A former head teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually assaulted four young girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Czech Open for the first time in her career.
The discovery of a shipwreck in Kenya marks the start of a new chapter in the story of Zheng He, one of China's most important military leaders.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see Oliver Griffiths join the British and Irish Lions.
Formula 1 has ended its contract to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone after 2019.
The desk and chair used by author Charles Dickens when he wrote his final novel have been bought by the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended the formation of a constituent assembly to draft a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which says players must not reveal undergarments with slogans or images other than the manufacturer's logo.
What do you do if you're a porker?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance in the Republic of Ireland.
Sophie Bray has been named in the Great Britain women's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Plans to transform town centres in north Wales have been approved by the Welsh government.
MPs have launched an e-petition website to encourage people to sign petitions in Parliament.
Dr Craig Venter, who has won the Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine for his work with the human genome, has died at the age of 90.
A hospital trust has declared a "black alert" over an outbreak of norovirus.
Team GB reached the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship with a bonus-point win over Japan.
Theresa May's announcement that the UK will vote to leave the European Union is a huge blow to the EU.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman who was held in a "house of horrors".
Tens of thousands of people who have lost their jobs in the North Sea oil and gas industry are to be offered extra funding to help them retrain.
Plans for a £1m cycling facility in Pembrokeshire have been approved by the Welsh Government.
A supermarket security guard has been hit by a car as he tried to break into a cash box at a supermarket in South Lanarkshire.
Celtic Energy's chief executive has said he is "very pleased" with the results of its clean-up work.
Mae ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi llwyr ddiffodd gan fod y llanw wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato.
Jose Mourinho's first game in charge of Manchester United ended in defeat as Pedro scored twice to give Chelsea victory at Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4 launched its teen drama, Skins, it was hailed as one of the most successful shows in the UK.
Armed police officers in Scotland have issued fixed penalties for public urination and drinking in the street, a senior officer has told MSPs.
In Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" there is an unusual relationship between the lender and the borrower.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle is to direct the opening night of this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in the Highlands, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has announced.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said Britain would have "zero" influence if it were not in the European Union.
Global demand for energy has slowed to its lowest level since the 1970s, according to a report by oil giant BP.
An inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to their families is to be held before the general election.
England full-back Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says coach Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he is ready to "move on" if the club can't match his ambition.
Gwynedd council is to consult with community councils about changing the name of a Gwynedd beach.
A 22-year-old woman from Dorset has been reported missing in Thailand.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on Welsh Labour members to reject the Tories' "terrible insult" to people working "day in, day out" to save lives.
The head of Queen's University in Londonderry has said higher education in Northern Ireland is in danger.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire town will now have to walk five dogs in two packs under new rules.
Victims of abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast have begun a judicial review into the government's handling of the scandal.
Two British tourists who were missing in Nepal for more than a week have been found safe and well.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the EuroHockey Championship's top tier for the first time, says head coach Chris Clements.
Michael MacNiallais scored two late goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh 2-13 to 0-13 in the Ulster Football semi-finals.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says Fulham striker Martin will not be sent back to the club.
Mining in Uganda's Mubende district is one of the country's most dangerous and dangerous areas.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to produce a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting is under way to elect a successor to Sepp Blatter as head of world football's governing body Fifa.
Three men have been jailed for beating a lecturer to death at his home in south London.
Hull FC will play Hull FC in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The number of licensed taxi and private hire car drivers in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Comedian John Cleese's Alimony tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "more than a lecture tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Adebayo Macheda on loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the business model used by people smugglers to smuggle migrants into the world.
An aurora borealis has been visible over parts of Scotland.
A Sussex Police community support officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Hong Kong's capital, Hong Kong, to take part in the city's first ultramarathon.
A Clackmannanshire firm is to close its distribution centre with the loss of 54 jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how technology is transforming education in sub-Saharan Africa.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong jobs figures.
There is a bit of confusion about the numbers of nurses working in England.
Workers at one of the oldest department stores in Londonderry have described the "horrific" loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad.
Thai police investigating the murder of two British tourists in Thailand say they have made "little progress" in their investigation.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be running for the Conservative Party leadership in 2016.
Virtual doctors in sub-Saharan Africa are providing vital medical care to millions of people, the BBC has learned.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in west Belfast on Saturday have paid tribute to their "caring and caring son".
It's not often that you hear the word "chocolate" in the same sentence as "make cocoa the hero".
The US military has confirmed that it carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda, after a firefight in Afghanistan in 2011.
(Close): Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index higher on Wednesday.
A court in the Republic of Ireland has opened a criminal investigation into the alleged tax evasion of County Louth farmer Michael Murphy.
The number of small and medium-sized firms in the UK who will be exempt from paying business rates has been cut by almost a third, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Rhys Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be fit for the World Cup, according to former Scarlets scrum-half Steve James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a two-year contract extension with the county.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago say they have made a "significant leap forward".
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Liam McGinty on a season-long loan deal.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the World Championships in London.
Israeli troops have fired tear gas and rubber bullets in clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank.
Online booking site Booking.com is seeking €356m (£247m) in damages from French authorities after it failed to pay tax on more than €400m of income.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has criticised plans to introduce a five-minute waiting time for drivers in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans won stage 20 of the Tour de France for the first time in his career with a blistering victory on Saturday.
Nigeria's army has detained more than 100 children suspected of being abducted by Islamist militants, the UN says.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah Murray finished ninth in the women's team event at the British Championships in Bath on Friday.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has offered to help federal employees hit by the partial government shutdown.
Taylor Swift has been accused of "giving her work away for free" by a photographer who has been working with the singer.
A father who won a legal battle over taking his children on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£25,000.
A county clerk in the US state of North Carolina has refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples despite a Supreme Court ruling that her faith prevented her from doing so.
There are few countries in the world where the Paralympics are more important than Ukraine.
The Police Ombudsman's Office has suspended the release of any further sensitive information to the Police Federation of Northern Ireland.
The number of school crossing patrollers in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's Nikkei index fell to a four-week low on Wednesday, as falling oil prices weighed on shares in Toshiba.
Transport for London (TfL) fares are to be frozen for the first time under plans announced by the mayor of London Sadiq Khan.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he still believes the pound is the right currency for Scotland.
An opal discovered in South Australia more than 100 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank off the Kent coast has shocked the world.
Schools across the UK are taking part in this year's BBC School Report's News Day.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the chief of the defence staff has "clearly breached" the military's constitutional duty to remain "politically neutral".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor.
A robot that can tell you whether a dish is good or bad has been developed in Thailand.
There is a "strong and consistent case" for the introduction of a ban on smacking children in England and Wales, according to a new report.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Danny Paver says the club's new signing Jack Chapman has taken the "bull by the horns" in his return from injury.
Newcastle extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Aston Villa.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers in the race to succeed Brendan Rodgers.
The partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has said she wrote a suicide note saying she "couldn't stop crying".
Thailand's aviation regulator, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICCAO), has been downgraded to Category 2 from Category 1 by the UN's aviation watchdog.
Reviews of the Ghostbusters remake have been mixed, with some calling it "a bit of fun".
A woman who died after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay an extra stamp duty on stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
A large fire has broken out on the M4 in the Highlands, forcing the closure of part of the motorway.
The Eden Project has secured a £1m grant from the Natural History Museum.
The Isle of Man government has called for an independent inspection of Sellafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant.
Gianluigi Imbula scored a hat-trick as Stoke eased to victory over Bournemouth in the Premier League.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by his father has criticised the way police handled the case.
Brentford have offered Oldham Athletic fans a free ticket to play in the League One play-off semi-final first leg.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have clashed with protesters demanding the arrest of the French envoy to India.
Katie Trott claimed her second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's individual pursuit.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has told a court he is "completely innocent" of the charge.
The US says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man has been jailed for deliberately shining a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow.
China's exports jumped in February from a year earlier, helped by a surge in imports, official data has shown.
LeBron James has become the first player to score 10,000 career points for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two teenage girls.
The assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in the Czech Republic in World War Two has inspired a new film.
A chronology of key events:Key events:
Six members of Australia's 4x100m freestyle relay team have admitted taking a sleeping medication before the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street writer John Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a former British colony in the Pacific, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" over the cancellation of a £10bn infrastructure deal with China.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry.
Scottish ministers are holding talks with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade and Industry (EFTA) to discuss possible special arrangements for Scotland.
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been barred from voting in regional elections.
Somerset made a winning start to their County Championship campaign with a seven-wicket win over Hampshire at Taunton.
A South African law reform commission has called for the removal of Christmas and other public holidays from the country's calendar.
Three men have been arrested after a baby doll was stolen from a church nativity display in Edinburgh.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of most of the country's 36 governorships, the electoral commission Inec has announced.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Goodison Park in Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has left Manchester United to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has issued a public nudity order for ex-police officer Richard Gough, who has been convicted of outraging public decency.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a further £1m in donations to help it recover from its fire.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they beat relegation-threatened Middlesbrough.
Bristol have sacked head coach Mark Robinson following an "extremely disappointing start" to the season, with Mark Tainton acting as acting head coach.
Mae'r asgellwr y Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad yng Nghaerdydd.
When you think of cloud computing, you might think of clouds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Iceland's financial crisis on the Cypriot economy.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his tour of duty in Snowdonia.
In the early hours of Monday morning in the Mexican capital, Ciudad Juárez, two journalists were shot dead.
Shares in Yum Brands, the parent company of US restaurant chain KFC, have risen more than 5% after the company reported better-than-expected profits in China.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games in Belfast.
US President Donald Trump has pulled out of a key vote on his healthcare bill, hours after it collapsed in the House of Representatives.
It's been a busy few days for the world of social media.
Leigh Day, the insurance firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire, has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating claims it offered help to survivors of the blaze.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison have risen significantly since the last inspection, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York is being sued by a group of former patrons who say they were misled into paying the $25 admission fee.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton has said she is a "progressive" and not a "liberal" during a debate with her rival Bernie Sanders.
Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren boss Gary Ross as their new head coach until the end of the season.
US President Donald Trump has said there are "a lot of killers" in his country, but said he would "get along" with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement has backed defender Alfie Mawson to continue his fine form.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Derbyshire have been branded a "threat" by conservationists.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the Winter Olympics in Pembrokeshire.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
A second independence referendum will not be held in 2017, the first minister has said.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has said he conceded to a doctor's medical superiority when it was suggested a teenager could not have been alive when he tried to revive him.
A senior civil servant has called for an independent inquiry into allegations of "serious and persistent" failings by Avon Fire and Rescue Service.
(Close): The FTSE 100 has ended a week of volatility in China's stock markets.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen edged Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge is expected to be fully operational by the end of the festive season if repairs are carried out, the transport minister has said.
An investigation has been launched into the state of a hospital trust's finances following a £7.8m overspend.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has said she would be a "big fan" of more female hosts on BBC quiz shows.
A Scottish man killed in a helicopter crash in Norway last month has been named as the victim of a "catastrophic failure" of the main rotor system.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence in England and Wales are to be offered counselling and support in a bid to reduce the number of violent partners.
Wales wing Keelan Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua believes Wladimir Klitschko has a "chink in his armour" ahead of their world heavyweight title fight.
Blackpool fans have taken legal action against the club over comments posted on an online forum about the club.
A 69-year-old man who died after his car crashed in Shropshire has been named by police.
Derry beat Mayo 2-17 to 1-13 in extra-time to reach the All-Ireland Football semi-finals.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has hailed captain Stevie Smith's "brilliant" recovery from injury.
Chaz Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship to 50 points with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
More than one in 10 pupils in independent schools in England receive extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams.
Huddersfield Giants have signed South Sydney Rabbitohs prop Sam Burgess on a two-year deal.
Doncaster kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a thumping win over Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sharad Bheswakar reflects on his struggle to get Nepalese citizenship.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens and move to within three points of Super League leaders Hull FC.
When West Ham left Old Trafford for the final time on Wednesday night, it was a bittersweet evening for the Boleyn Ground.
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Grand Depart, which will be held in the country's capital, Berlin.
A mental health commission has said it is "serious concern" about the care of elderly patients at a hospital in Edinburgh.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a multi-million pound prostitution ring, police have said.
A Guatemalan judge has ordered the retrial of a former military lawyer who was convicted of genocide in the 1980s.
Oscar-winning film producer David Chartoff has died at the age of 83, his family has said.
A World Cup commemorative event has been held in England to mark the 50th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup.
A new unit to tackle online hate crimes has been set up by London's mayor.
When you start using your Raspberry Pi it is easy to lose track of where you are going.
Shares in Danish brewer, Carlsberg, have fallen sharply after it reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have visited the site where he was last seen 20 years ago.
Driving examiners in the UK are to stage a series of strikes in a row over pensions, jobs and privatisation.
Carlisle United and Cambridge United were both sent off in the first half of their League Two play-off semi-final.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The government is taking legal action against the new owners of Manston Airport.
In the dimly lit room of the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic's capital, Bangui, Dr Joseph Bama was cleaning wounds.
Britain's Carl Froch says he is ready to return to the ring for the first time in 18 months.
The MP for Colchester, Peter Quince, has told the House of Commons that regional theatres deserve every penny they get.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Azores.
The UK government is to publish a revised version of the Wales Bill "as early as possible", the Queen's Speech has said.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Six men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle £5m worth of heroin into the UK in a speaker.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a survey.
A council has said it has had to place six children into residential care outside of Kent because of the migrant crisis.
Harlequins director of rugby Paul Hopley says England rugby players deserve to be considered "role model professionals".
A cannabis grower has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of money laundering and possessing a shotgun.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a snake that escaped from its owner's Florida home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match touchline ban by the Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control the ball in Saturday's 2-2 draw at Glentoran.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed in Powys have been named.
Kent's hopes of clinching the Division Two title suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 183 by Northants in the second day of their match.
Three al-Jazeera journalists have gone on trial in Egypt accused of spreading false news.
The Supreme Court is to hear a case brought by a Libyan man who says he was tortured by the UK.
A woman who applied for a visa to travel to New Zealand after her grandfather's death has said her application has been rejected.
A man has been found not guilty of attempting to murder a Muslim man by stabbing him to death on a London Underground train.
A major road in the Highlands has partially reopened after heavy rain caused landslips on Monday.
The Welsh Government is "extremely concerned" about the BBC's plans to cut 27 jobs, the Welsh Government has said.
The Fab Four have topped the UK singles chart for the first time in more than 50 years, according to BBC Radio 2 DJ Tony Blackburn.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
It has been a turbulent few months for Lady Warsi.
Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
The former head of the CIA in Italy has been arrested in Panama on suspicion of involvement in the abduction of an Egyptian cleric, Italian media report.
Mark Milkins says he felt like he was going to "take off" after winning the UK Championship for the first time in his career.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
The Newport Ship is set to be moved to a new home in Nantgarw.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is "absolutely innocent" of assaulting a reporter, his campaign has said.
Two companies have been fined £60,000 following the death of a coal miner at a yard in Belfast in March 2013.
A "huge shortage" of affordable homes is being forced into rented homes in Southampton, a council has said.
A hospital in Liege, Germany, is to deploy a robot called Pepper in its reception area.
Malnutrition is a big issue in the NHS in England and Wales, according to the charity Age UK.
The brother of one of the victims of the Bloody Sunday massacre has condemned a march by veterans in Londonderry as "pure provocation".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign aimed at boosting manufacturing, saying the country must "shift out".
Ivory Coast's new national football federation (NFF) has approved the appointment of Ivorian goalkeeper Keshi as its new national team coach.
Human bones believed to be those of missing mother-of-two Michelle Tiffney have been found in the Highlands.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson expects the club's tax bill to be cleared by the end of the week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, killing a homeowner.
Kris Nordtveit and Yannick Elyounoussi scored as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Belfast.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 33-year-old man has been shot dead at a dance party in Surrey.
David Cameron has signed a deal to renegotiate the UK's membership of the European Union.
A free bus travel scheme for 16-18 year olds is to be extended, the Welsh Government has announced.
A woman who embezzled more than £600,000 from a North Sea oil company has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker Solutions has announced plans to cut about 1,000 jobs.
Online sellers could be targeted by the tax authorities in a bid to crack down on the so-called "hidden economy".
Do you know that some of the biggest hauls in the world have a hidden treasure trail?
If you're a fan of one of Japan's most popular anime characters, you may have heard of this one.
A rugby player who died after a collision with an opponent has donated her organs to charity.
Premier League leaders Leicester City were held to a goalless draw by Southampton at the King Power Stadium.
When Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met in New York in the early 1980s, they had no idea what they were doing.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over incidents at the Euro 2016 qualifier between England and Lithuania on Saturday.
Newport County chief executive Mark Foxall says the club have a "contract" to use Rodney Parade.
Ian Lawrie says he is going to "bite the bullet" in his bid to return to the top of the world rankings this winter.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" on a website encouraging other men to masturbate has been jailed for five years.
The Republic of Ireland's ambassador to the US has expressed fears that The Quiet Man would be seen as a "rollicking farce".
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of an Italian lawyer in Melbourne.
Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player David Flower.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A motorist has been reunited with his mobility scooter after he was stopped by police on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Derek McInnes says Shay Logan's family situation was a factor in his decision to sign a new contract with Pittodrie.
A service to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme has taken place in Cardiff.
Joss Whedon has said he deleted his Twitter account after receiving criticism for his portrayal of female characters.
The Organisation for the Prevention of Poverty (OLPC) has received a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet computer for poorer countries.
The US Copyright Office has ruled that car owners are entitled to modify their vehicles' software.
American Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a suspected heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
England were knocked out of the Women's World Twenty20 in the quarter-finals as they lost by nine wickets to Australia.
Oil prices have fallen sharply in the wake of a decision by OPEC members to keep production at record levels.
The Soloist Hotel in Belfast has been bought by a London-based firm.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden in Washington this week.
Jason Day shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a three-way tie for the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
In the shade of a tree, in the centre of South Sudan's capital, Salva Kiir, the sun is shining brightly.
When the acid attacks in Paris in 2005 left 22-year-old French woman with severe burns to her face, her life changed forever.
The deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
There was no change in the tone of Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference.
Scotland is to introduce mandatory nursing and midwifery staffing levels.
Ukrainian officials and the media have insisted that far-right parties are not a problem in the country.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach a deal to avert a debt default, the EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) have said.
The family of five-year-old Ashya King, who has a rare form of leukaemia, say they are concerned about his future.
Dog owners in Wrexham could face "unprecedented" dog control restrictions, the RSPCA has warned.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Bangor.
Matt Carson's first-half penalty earned Hartlepool a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
A turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Wight is being cared for by vets.
Rohit Singh is a 10-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Plans to lower the drink-driving limit in England and Wales have been backed by the Alcohol Health Alliance.
Remains found in the garden of Sian Blake's south-east London home have been confirmed as those of her two sons, police have confirmed.
Motherwell have announced the signing of former Real Madrid and Real Madrid midfielder David Pearson on a two-year deal.
A five-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed former NFL player Kadeena Welter as their new head coach.
Welsh parties should stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand, a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has said he saw a video showing $400m (£300m) being sent to Iran as a ransom payment.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say.
Former DUP minister Peter Robinson has denied any involvement in the controversial Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its depiction of the city.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to hold interest rates at 0.25%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will have to "take maybe a step back a few times" as he prepares for Friday's one-day international against West Indies.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the UK's membership of the EU, Labour MP Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park on the site of the University of Bognor have been approved by councillors.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax in the Champions Cup.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase in Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie and fashion designer Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
Ten years ago, Richard Choe was told that if he was going to open a hotel in Singapore, he would have to convince staff to stay and work there.
Derby County's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Tony Blair says the club's players will be working hard to secure new contracts this summer.
Olympic track cycling champion Dame Sarah Storey has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been moved from the middle of the M1 motorway after it became stuck in the carriageway.
West Ham captain Jamie Vardy has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City "still have time to put things right" despite being booed off the field.
Up to 10cm of snow has fallen in parts of England, with some parts of the country experiencing "severe" conditions.
Archaeologists in the UK have discovered the remains of a plague victim buried in a cave in the Alps.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school have met with independent counsellors to help a father and his two children who are critically ill.
US airlines Delta and United have announced they will stop carrying trophies from the Cecil the lion hunt in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood says the Rugby Football League needs to "pull all the strands together" to ensure the sport can go from strength to strength.
Leaders of the European Union (EU) are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
A 28-year-old police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans.
Southend Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in the seaside resort after comedian Danny O'Grady was criticised on The Apprentice.
It is not every day that you get a job delivering healthy snacks in a letter box.
There are many ways to measure the impact of Barack Obama's presidency on the US economy.
The Archbishop of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Monarch has said it expects to resume flights to the Middle East in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries and Galloway village.
Shares in Tesla have risen after the company said it was increasing production.
"I have only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have signed full-back Luke Arscott from Premiership rivals Bath on a two-year deal.
Pupils have been banned from playing British Bulldog at a primary school in Cumbria.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland is at its lowest level for more than two years, according to a new report.
"I can never get those years back - the police must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a factory in the Swiss Alps, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture at a former colliery site in Wrexham are set to be given a five-year extension.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation to Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing".
A witness has told a court that she was sexually abused as a child in Rotherham between 1987 and 2003.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to be "simple, balanced, consistent and capable" of seeing and doing what is essential in life.
A court in China's far-western region of Xinjiang has begun hearing evidence against prominent Uighur activist Abdul Fattah Tohti.
The mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has survived his first zip wire experience at the Paralympics.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic makes his first start in charge of Championship strugglers Reading.
Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday has been postponed because of a crash involving a lorry.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 2-1 defeat by Hull City.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
What would you do if your child were to be sent to a school where there were no schools offering A-levels?
The Lion King is among 25 films to be added to the US National Film Library's Hall of Fame.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapsed church in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he is "more than happy" to be part of the team for the final Test against New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of indecently assaulting her brother has told a court she was "hoping to get money" from her alleged abuser.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in their Intercontinental Cup match in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a school.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has backed the idea of amateur boxers competing at the Olympics in Rio.
A dawn service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has announced new sanctions against Iran, which it says are aimed at destabilising the Middle East.
The number of GCSE entries in England has fallen for the second year running, according to the exam regulator Ofqual.
Four companies have been shortlisted to run two rail franchises in the north of England, the government has announced.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat overturned outside Brixham harbour.
Two human rights groups have called for the scope of an inquiry into historical child abuse to be widened.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its PC chips.
The prime minister is to discuss whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to Indonesia.
The Welsh government has secured a further £4m to help attract new airlines to Wales.
A letter written by a first-time mum has been found at a supermarket in Yorkshire.
At least 22 people have been killed in two suicide bombings in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be replaced by a midwife-led unit, the health board has announced.
The Scottish government has said it is confident a new national curriculum for secondary schools will produce the results that it needs.
A letter written by the future Queen about her relationship with Prince Philip has sold for more than £14,000 at auction.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has never been one to shy away from politics.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow Airport could fall significantly over the next decade, according to new research.
The Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead as planned despite a security alert in Belgium, according to the Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF).
At least 10 people have been killed after a plane crashed into a minivan at a busy airport in Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a 20-year-old man in Brighton.
She is the daughter of former Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister David Sugden.
Bristol Rovers manager Lee Clarke says the club's owners are "fully behind" his job despite the takeover of the club by the Al-Qadi family.
Prosecutors in Japan have filed a case against the company behind the death of a woman who worked unpaid overtime.
It's the opening weekend of the new Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the lack of maintenance in the country.
A motorcyclist has died after collapsing during a charity bike ride.
Permian, Khalidi and Cracksman have been added to the line-up for the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom.
Production in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
At least three people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the French capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has confirmed he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" at the club.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Ryan Morrison on a one-year deal.
Attendances at UK sporting events rose by more than 50% in 2015, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from the profession after a woman said she was "butchered and robbed" of her life savings.
Costa Cruises captain Massimo Schettino has been jailed for 10 years for causing the sinking of the Costa Concordia.
At London 2012, 12 British Olympians won medals.
Jade Jones could become the next Ronda Rousey when she competes at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, according to former Olympic taekwondo champion John Johns.
This week I'm presenting a new exhibition of photographs of people dressed in their workwear.
Worcestershire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in the valleys.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology to adjust the dimensions of objects.
In the centre of Latvia's capital Riga, hundreds of people are marching through the streets of the capital, Riga.
Plans to protect areas at risk of flooding in north Wales have been put on hold by the Met Office.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of ex-President Eduardo Cunha, who is being investigated for corruption.
Sir Roger Waters has spoken about the impact his film has had on his life.
Theresa May's letter to the prime minister outlining the process for the return of devolved powers to the UK has been described as "unacceptable" by the first minister.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight militant Islamist group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fisherman has been fined £20,000 after a petrol pump exploded in a field off the Aberdeenshire coast.
English and Welsh MPs should be allowed to speak in the House of Commons on certain issues, an MP has said.
Police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim say they have found a "substantial number" of explosive devices.
At least 35 people have been killed in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events, key events:
Midfielder Ben Vokes believes Wales can secure their place at the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Former US football star OJ Simpson is to testify in a Las Vegas court in an attempt to get a new trial for his murder in 2007.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Conor Sammon on a two-year deal.
German cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to compete in the 2014 Tour de France.
The Stakeknife inquiry is being used as a political football to beat the British government, according to the family of one of the victims.
A farmer has criticised supermarket Tesco after it used an "inappropriate" image of him pulling carrots on his organic farm.
On Tuesday, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Facebook's headquarters in Silicon Valley to announce his support for the company's "Digital India" initiative.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has been appointed head coach of Egyptian side Zamalek.
The United Nations has accused Eritrea of human rights abuses, including the killing of seven children by firing squad, in a report.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video appeared to show him punching a man in the face.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza Poldark in Downton Abbey, has died aged 90.
Environmental groups WWF and Star Renewable Energy have called for district heating to be more widely used in Scotland.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins in Flintshire will face fines of up to £10,000.
The family of a veterinary nurse who was killed in a crash have paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by tourists in Europe.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions", organisers have said.
India's Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers and Mitchell McClenaghan will captain Rising Pune Supergiants in this year's Indian Premier League.
Google has developed a new way to deliver internet connectivity to remote parts of the world.
Plans for a major military support depot in Gloucestershire have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
Police in Northern Ireland have seized more than £100,000 worth of drugs in a three-month crackdown.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found in a block of flats in Glasgow city centre.
Immigration to the UK could be reduced if the UK voted to leave the European Union, a think tank has suggested.
The government is in breach of its air pollution obligations, a High Court judge has ruled.
Prosecutors in the US state of Maryland are seeking to reopen the murder trial of serial killer Omar Syed.
Three pieces of gold worth more than £1,000 have been found hidden in a park in Wiltshire.
A man who "naively and foolishly believed that all would be well" with diving equipment in a lake has been jailed.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is one of the best strikers in the Premier League.
The Stormont Executive is facing a budget crisis unless there is a deal on a deal with the government, the TUV has said.
The father of a toddler detained in Iran is to present a birthday card to his daughter in London.
Scientists in California say they have made the first human foetus in the world.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to violence in the country.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels of all time.
Christmas tree lighting in Caerphilly town centre has been cancelled because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 champions Marseille are set to be sold to French side Sporting Giro d'Italia, owner Jean-Claude McCourt has confirmed.
Sir Chris Hoy has been voted as the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman who claims she was physically and sexually abused by her father in Saudi Arabia has been ordered to return by a High Court judge.
Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 yn fwy o bleidleisiau yn dilyn ymgyrch gan deulu o Iddewon yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
MPs are to debate plans to allow English MPs to vote on laws that only apply in England.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a new study.
The Northern Ireland Executive's plan to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland has been put on hold.
Plans to expand Oxford's tram system have gone on display for the first time.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya say they are fighting a crackdown on gay people, after reports of torture and death.
Nico Rosberg says there is an "urgent urgency" to beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia has banned the use of social media accounts run by opposition leader Alexei Navalny, as part of a controversial new law.
Spanish police say they have foiled a smuggling ring involving hundreds of illegal workers in the textile sector.
Six people have been killed by a gunman who opened fire on a train in Berlin, police have said.
Nottingham Forest manager Rob Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club.
Mo Farah became the first Briton to win 10,000m gold and 4x100m relay medals at the London 2017 World Championships.
The wife of David Cameron has said her son's death changed her life.
Police are warning people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls following a series of con scams in the Highlands.
The Catholic priest who carried out the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988 has died.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola says winning the Champions League is "easy to love" after his side reached the semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to take part in a bid to improve the way they deal with creameries.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a four-car crash in Berkshire.
Football's governing body Fifa has approved tougher anti-racism measures, including a five-match suspension for any racist incident.
League One side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man has been found dead in a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
Welsh referee Gary Owens says he is planning to stay in charge of the World Cup until 2019.
Five people have been charged in connection with the killing of a Palestinian man in Israel last month, officials say.
Real Madrid's Kaka has been called up to Brazil's World Cup squad by coach Marcelo Dunga.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Dundee.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Cardiff council AMs are considering banning letting agent fees.
Plastic surgeons in England have been urged to give patients more information about the risks associated with cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards' stoppage-time penalty earned Blackburn a dramatic FA Cup quarter-final win at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a trade-off between having bigger testicles for producing lots of sperm, a study suggests.
Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison in the US for hacking into the personal email accounts of former US presidents.
Plans for a "truck stunt" at Cardiff's main railway station have been approved by the assembly.
The Scottish child abuse inquiry will require survivors to give evidence by the end of next year, its director has said.
An Indian man who was beaten up by a masked man in his shop has said he fears for his life.
More Welsh-speaking teachers will be recruited as part of a drive to increase the number of Welsh-medium teachers in Wales.
Three nurses have been suspended from practice after a man suffered a brain haemorrhage.
More than £1,000 worth of household waste has been found at recycling centres in Surrey, the county council has said.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump tweeted that the attack on the Champs-Elysees theatre in Paris was "very, very terrible".
A US military base in Washington state has been rocked by allegations that hundreds of soldiers were wrongly diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
BBC Radio 1 DJ David James has become the latest celebrity to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A charity which helps people clean up the Isle of Man's beaches has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the government.
Britain's James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner and reach the quarter-finals of the Aegon Championships.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin and cannabis into a Dundee prison has been jailed for five years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau reached a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition in Athens, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq war is to give evidence to MPs next month, the BBC understands.
Cafodd ei lladd gan Tachwedd yng ngwesty'r Sir Caerffili wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
The pound has fallen to new lows against the dollar in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
There is a "startling disconnect" between policies encouraging whistleblowing and what happens in practice, MPs have said.
Sydney Harbour has switched off its lights for an hour as part of a global campaign to promote renewable energy.
Hundreds of thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who was found dead in North Korea last year.
World number one Harry Maguire said he was "over the moon" when he qualified for the second round of the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a setback in her bid to win a fourth term in office after the right-wing Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) party won a regional election.
One in four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the drivers of not putting on a "very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined and ordered to pay more than £1m following an incident in Hull which could have resulted in multiple fatalities.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a gunfight in southern Afghanistan, reports say.
Two teenagers have been jailed for the murder of a drug dealer.
A man who was stabbed to death at his former partner's home has been named by police.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in Glasgow city centre.
Ticket restrictions have been lifted at Chester's National League game with North Wales and Cheshire.
Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Police have appealed for witnesses after paint was poured on the front of the Ulster Hall in Londonderry.
Ecuador is to protest at the cost of policing the London embassy of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange.
In the wake of Russia's air strikes on Syria last month, there is growing optimism that a negotiated process to end the country's civil war is under way.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims that Algeria's goalball team failed to return from the Rio Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach Europe.
Plans for a new tennis court at Buckingham Palace have been submitted to the council.
The UK government's resettlement programme for Syrian refugees is facing "significant challenges", the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite into orbit around the Sun.
It's a big day for the Scottish government.
Northern Ireland's economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Rowing is a sport which is more than a decade older than football - so it is no surprise that this year's Edinburgh's 1st VIII is set to be one of the oldest in the world.
Nationwide has reported a fall in mortgage lending in the first three months of the year.
A Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet in Turkey last month has found no evidence that the plane was shot down, officials say.
Kent have signed South African all-rounder Sean Dickson on a two-year deal.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was left badly blistered after being hit by a barbecue said she felt "cured" by the incident.
The UK's EU referendum could be the "longest suicide note" in Labour's history, a senior Labour MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has told the BBC he is "sorry for football".
A memorial to a Florida boy who was killed by an alligator has been unveiled at Walt Disney World's theme park.
Michael Gove has said Theresa May "no longer had a place for me in the cabinet".
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the country or of Europe to turn its back on criminal justice co-operation.
A court in India has ordered Bollywood star Salman Khan to appear in court in connection with a 2002 car crash that killed a man sleeping on the streets of Mumbai.
Residents of a new housing development in Leicester have said they wish they had moved here because of the lack of fibre optic broadband.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for helping the Islamic State group travel to Syria to fight with the group.
GPs in England are being forced to cut the number of consultations they offer to patients by up to 10 minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
Craft distilleries in Scotland are experiencing a "period of explosive creativity", according to a new report.
Changes to grant funding to the Welsh Government could have a "large negative impact" on the Welsh budget, experts have warned.
The president of South Korea has said the Sewol ferry will be raised "at the earliest possible date".
The widow of a man shot dead by police has told an inquest she received a text saying her husband was going to kill himself.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Ryan Fitzpatrick share the lead after the second round of the Wells Fargo Championship in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
The number of parks in the UK is at a "tipping point" and councils need to take action to prevent a period of decline, MPs have said.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his "social media diplomacy".
A book borrowed from Hereford Cathedral School more than 100 years ago has been returned to its former home.
Hull City striker Lucas Clucas has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
The family of a woman who died after suffering a miscarriage at a hospital in Italy has accused a gynaecologist of negligence.
US rock band Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against the owners of the band.
Nick Kyrgios beat Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A police officer has been jailed for 16 years for raping a woman he met through a text message.
Work is set to begin on a major resurfacing project at one of Scotland's busiest container ports.
Gardeners in Dumfries and Galloway are being warned to get rid of an invader that has been blighting their hedgerows.
Stan Kroenke's Outdoor Sportsman Group, which runs a popular hunting TV channel, has said it will remove all content related to trophy hunting.
A man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a pensioner in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died while trying to cross the English Channel has paid tribute to her "best friend".
A man who carried out a knife attack on a Greek tourist has been jailed for 16 years.
Former Aberdeen and Aberdeen assistant manager Tom Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up ahead of the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
A PSNI team has been sent to Northern Ireland to investigate the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A woman has been jailed for causing the death of a 58-year-old woman by driving into the face of on-coming traffic.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third and final stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Transgender young people in Scotland are less likely to feel safe and supported by the legal system, according to a charity.
A driver has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared in court in Madrid accused of defrauding his former club Barcelona out of millions of dollars.
Postal ballot papers for the general election in Hull have been printed without the full names of the candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Osprey Williams' final-minute try was a fitting send-off to his career.
It's not every day you hear a celebrity talking about their exploits on the pitch.
An oil company has said it will sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to survey land for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested in a series of drugs raids in Staffordshire, police have said.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker for £50m.
A racoon has been rescued after jumping from the roof of a house into a garden shed.
A dog has been stolen from a pet grooming centre in Aberdeen.
A Rwandan man has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting violence during the 1994 genocide.
Leaving the European Union would make it less attractive for international students to study in the UK, a survey suggests.
A father in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years for sexually abusing his 14-year-old daughter.
The podcast Serial is to be turned into a TV series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair", according to a report.
More than 200 hens have been rescued by a charity in Wrexham after they were found to be too weak to lay eggs.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
The body of a man whose remains were found in a lay-by may have been murdered, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has announced his retirement from football.
One in 10 people in the UK carries a faulty gene that increases the risk of a stroke, UK researchers say.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney charged with the murder of an Australian police officer.
Google has announced it is shutting down its Explorer programme for its Glass smart glasses.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has ordered a major overhaul of the security services, state media report.
Farming supplies firm Harbro has reported a rise in profits and turnover, despite the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller over his investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election.
The government should rethink its policy on term-time holidays after a High Court ruling in favour of a father who took his children on a seven-day trip to Disney World.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza's wife has been shot dead by a gunman in the capital, Burundi, his spokesman says.
Mobile operators O2 and Vodafone are to meet later to discuss how to speed up the rollout of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for so-called Islamic State (IS).
Premier League and Football Association chiefs have backed a proposal for a shake-up of the English Football League fixture schedule.
The government's decision to restrict the entry of Indian chefs into Scotland is "total insanity", according to one of the country's leading curry houses.
Captain Chris Robshaw says England's discipline was "shocking" as they lost to France in their final warm-up game in Paris.
A batch of Bombay Sapphire gin has been recalled in Canada after it was found to be too high.
Professional boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe bleeding to his brain during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to fix its emissions software as part of an investigation into possible emissions manipulation.
Scientists say they have developed a new mix of cement that will be able to keep radioactive waste away from disposal sites.
All the results from the Division Two games between Pembroke and Bready on Saturday.
A football fan has admitted throwing a corkscrew at Clacton fans during a match.
The publisher of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has called for a boycott of a US literary event in protest at the magazine's depiction of the Prophet Mohammed.
The NHS in England should not be paying more than 55% above normal shift rates for agency staff, the health regulator has said.
Workers at a glass factory in County Antrim are facing redundancy, the union Unite has said.
For three times in the past five years, Poundland has sold thousands of pounds worth of goods.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car mounted a pavement and smashed into a barrier on an island.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following the death of a 31-year-old man at a flat in County Antrim.
A new method of giving contraception to women in sub-Saharan Africa is being developed by the Gates Foundation.
The police ombudsman's office in Northern Ireland is to resume investigations into more than 150 historical incidents, it has been announced.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Gusts of up to 70mph (113km/h) have caused major disruption in parts of Wales.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after their vehicle plunged into a river in South Korea, the army says.
Michael Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the investigation into corruption at Fifa, has died at the age of 87.
Connacht's Pro12 season came to an end as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
It's been almost a year since a motorbike accident at a race in South Yorkshire left British teenager Billy Gormley seriously injured.
A Sunderland DIY music shop that became a music venue has closed after it was sold for student accommodation.
Luton Town have offered new deals to five players, including captain Ryan King, and midfielder Jack Potts.
Lille striker Karim Benzia has submitted a transfer request to Fifa for a switch of nationality from France to Algeria.
England women's netball team are to be awarded central contracts for the next two Superleague tournaments.
South Wales Police is the largest police force in Wales.
A drug that mimics the action of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise in early stages of ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV video of the last time she was seen.
When The KLF announced their retirement from the music industry in 1994, they said they would never play again.
Marussia driver Maria de Villota is in a "critical but stable condition" after undergoing surgery to remove her right eye.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a former drawing office in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed Nikki Haley as the US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan's government has banned civil servants from going to China for further education, amid concerns that they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of being relegated to League One is "frightening" but "exciting".
The last British combat troops to leave Afghanistan are due to arrive in the country next month.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager in Greece, she thought she was going to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Premier League leaders Manchester City and move up to third in the table.
Former British middleweight champion Nicky Wilkins has been banned from the sport for six months for his conduct in November.
The mother of a Liverpool fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster has been formally identified, inquests have heard.
The inventor of a robot that can play video games is to be part of a new Scottish technology festival.
League Two side Cambridge United have been drawn away to League Two side Manchester United in the third round of the FA Cup.
Northampton Town have made four changes to their squad, including the re-signing of Liam O'Donnell, Jon Hogan and Chris Mafuta.
Pep Guardiola will make his first start of the season as Manchester City manager against Liverpool at Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge of the League Two club.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a bee sting, a coroner has ruled.
Forest Green recorded their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat 10-man Torquay.
When Nigerian Islamist militant group Boko Haram abducted two teenage girls from a school in the north-eastern town of Chibok in April, Rev Mark Adebayo said he had no choice but to leave the area.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill which would make smacking children a criminal offence.
In the early 1950s, thousands of Kenyans revolted against British colonial rule in the forests of Kenya.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Pictures have emerged showing Prince Harry helping to remove a crocodile from a harbour in Australia's Northern Territory.
Australia umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
The boss of Nissan has said the company's sponsorship of the Rio Olympics will help boost sales in Brazil.
Crayfish are being reintroduced to the River Wye in a bid to reverse the decline of the native species.
Security staff have been evacuated from the O2 arena after a fire broke out in a restaurant.
The Oscar-nominated film Dallas Buyers Club has become the most popular book of the weekend, according to reports.
An investigation is under way after a cloud of "inky water" washed up on the base of Niagara Falls in New York.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Chris Hemmings at the club.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics will be held in Norway, with the goal of developing the next generation of Olympians.
A UKIP councillor has defected from the party to the Democratic Independent Group.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has told exam boards in England to use "comparable outcomes" to ensure pupils get the same GCSE grades in June.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, officials say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinian Christians gather in the Old City of Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police have been rated as "requires improvement" in a report by the police watchdog.
A make-up artist who worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on The Revenant has been praised by the star of the film.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who needs a second transplant has said she is "extremely grateful" to a donor who paid for his treatment.
Air France, KLM and Lufthansa have been fined €1.6bn (£1.1bn) by the European Commission for allegedly breaching their contracts.
Bournemouth striker Steve King says the club's mentality will not see them "take the foot off the gas" in the battle to avoid relegation.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal.
The thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba has been described as "an extraordinary day".
Olympique de Marseille owner Jacques McCourt has signed a new five-year deal with the French club.
Astronaut Emmanuel Pesquet has posted a series of photos of the spectacular view of the Earth from his space station.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of neglect after her two young sons and their sister were found dead in their flat.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
A tunnel under Stonehenge could be part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the A303 in London, it has been suggested.
Saracens skipper Chris Borthwick had a busy day at the weekend.
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of carrying out "horrific" attacks on Rohingya Muslims.
A burst water pipe has caused major disruption to schools and businesses in West Midlands.
Guernsey's FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Guernsey was a result of "financial and logistical" issues, says boss Lee Vance.
Athletics' governing body is "sleepwalking on the job" and needs to be "rooted out", says former World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy is not working to protect young Muslims from being radicalised, a Labour MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be given tours of the former Coronation Street set for the first time.
Tens of thousands of teachers at a Catholic school in County Tyrone have called in sick.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Francesco Cesare looks at how the rural Mafia is trying to destroy his business in Sicily.
The BBC has developed a virtual reality app that allows people with learning disabilities to control programmes via their brainwaves.
Visitors to a Celtic festival will be able to access information and interviews from the event's website in virtual reality.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Houvenaghel has withdrawn from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow because of a back injury.
The main draw at Wimbledon will be played on the middle Sunday of the tournament, organisers have announced.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 volunteers accused of setting fires deliberately in the heatwave.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has reached a 10-year high, the NSPCC has said.
The US has warned airlines about a possible plot to bring down a US-bound airliner, US officials say.
North Korea says it has made "significant progress" in miniaturising its nuclear weapons.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms in a show of force in the region, hours after a ceasefire was agreed in Minsk.
Richard Keogh's second-half header earned Derby County victory over Grimsby.
The mother of murdered Arizona boy Christoper Milke has lost a bid to have a retrial thrown out.
Emergency services at East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) have been told they must improve to meet the "unrelenting demand".
Michael Mooy's second-half strike earned Huddersfield Town victory over Leeds United to move up to fourth in the Championship.
A former BBC reporter has told a disciplinary tribunal she was subjected to "internal corruption and poor management" at the corporation.
A fire has broken out at a house in Edinburgh.
The search for a group of climbers who went missing in the US state of Washington has been suspended after they were caught in an avalanche.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Queen's United came from behind to beat Dundee United 3-2 in the Scottish League Cup first round.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years suffered a blow as they were beaten by the Wallabies in Brisbane.
The ousted chairman of India's Tata Group has written a blistering attack on the company's board.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre Herbert say they are "still in shock and afraid" after the attacks in Paris on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings have been ordered to pay £2,000 to the Rugby Football League after their Super League game against Widnes was abandoned because of a deteriorating pitch.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent".
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Juan Mata scored twice as Chelsea secured their third win in four Premier League games with victory over Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said the country has the capability to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell after the bank announced plans to raise $1.2bn (£1.3bn) in a share sale.
A man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital.
The number of Bengal tigers living in the Sunderbans region of Bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a metatarsal fracture in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Brom.
The remaining board members of Sport NI have resigned.
A malicious software that infects home routers is being targeted by hackers, according to security firm Symantec.
It's been a rollercoaster ride for German football fans.
One lane of the A470 in Powys has reopened after being closed following two separate crashes.
Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned amid controversy over his role in Donald Trump's controversial visit to the US.
The battle to recapture the Iraqi city of Tal Afar has been described as the most important military operation in the country's history.
Lee Novak scored the only goal of the game as Fleetwood came from behind to draw with Charlton.
Portsmouth's board should be given their "only chance" to make a decision on the club's future, according to chief executive Steve Brown.
A camera has been used to film the death of a turtle on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland.
Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for League One bottom side Scunthorpe at Vale Park.
Matt Revell and Ryan Varney scored late penalties as Ipswich came from behind to beat MK Dons.
Former Fifa star Mohamed Weah has been elected as the new president of Liberia.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and Germany's Bernd Wiesberger won the Shanghai Masters after a dramatic penalty shoot-out.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Canada international Mandy van den Berg on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed former Barrow defender Myles Anderson and ex-Port Vale defender Ruairi Keating.
Belfast City Council has agreed to carry out a full review into the storage of bonfire material in a public car park in the city centre.
Roald Dahl's trademark use of words has been revealed in the first Oxford Roald Dahl dictionary.
TVR is to build its next generation of cars in south Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "all over the place" as he suffered one of his worst performances of the season in a crash in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 edged higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for breaching rules on player eligibility.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer of the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £5,000.
Astronomers have discovered the most massive and luminous stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have shut the Curva Sud section of their Olimpico stadium after racist chants were heard by fans.
Substitute Oscar Threlkeld scored the only goal of the game as League Two promotion hopefuls Plymouth beat Crawley.
US cable network Discovery has agreed to buy media company Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£11bn).
QPR defender Steven Caulker suffered a cut to his head during a pre-season training session, the club has said.
Oscar-winning actress Barbra Streisand has asked Apple to change the spelling of her name.
Egyptian security forces have clashed with protesters after a policeman allegedly shot dead a street vendor in the capital Cairo, officials say.
The US drug company behind a controversial increase in the price of a prescription drug has reversed its decision.
Derby County striker Leon Martin says he feels lighter after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris CDG to Glasgow has been diverted to Prestwick after a "smoke of burning" on board.
The health of five-year-olds in Wales has improved significantly since the 1970s and 1980s, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
Manufacturing and retail sales in Northern Ireland have been boosted by a weaker pound, according to the Ulster Bank.
A new masterplan for a multi-million pound development in Manchester has been unveiled by the city's mayor, Phil Neville.
A man has died after being hit by a motorbike in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders captain Kevin Callaghan has been appointed manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man who threw a baby in the air and hit him on the head with a Moses basket has been jailed for six months.
Britain's Kyle Edmund is through to the second round of the China Open after beating Spain's Carla Garcia-Lopez.
A murder investigation has been launched into the disappearance of Leicestershire schoolgirl Hannah Jones.
Chester secured their first National League win of the season with a comfortable victory over Dagenham.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed ex-Dagenham & Redbridge captain Ryan Wood on a two-year deal.
A "serious democratic deficit" has been identified in local elections in England, with fewer than 20% of the electorate eligible to vote, figures show.
Wales fly-half Matthew Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with Cardiff Blues.
Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports that striker Peter Crouch could leave the club in January.
A portrait by Andy Warhol of Mao Zedong has been put up for auction in Hong Kong.
Planning permission has been granted for a garden house in the shape of a flower, following a review by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to play a mermaid in a remake of the Oscar-nominated film 21 Jump Street, according to reports.
Moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Yorkshire woman Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government is willing to "reset fiscal policy" if it is needed following the UK's exit from the EU.
An art festival inspired by the Christmas blues is to be staged in London next month, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the opening game of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart.
An Isle of Wight council has lost a legal challenge to a court ruling that it can fine parents for taking their children on holiday.
A teenage girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike has been released from hospital.
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery for his actions in an attack on a Taliban outpost in Afghanistan.
The government should introduce a cap on the number of unskilled migrants allowed to stay in the UK after Brexit, according to a new report.
A number of Crystal Palace fans had to be evacuated from a London Underground station after a suspected gas leak.
Katarina Seonaid and her sister Jennifer have both won gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in France.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The British skeleton team, led by Lizzy Yarnold, have won two gold medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.
Celtic's Nicola Adams will defend her WBA world featherweight title against Mexico's Alejandro Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Olympic silver medallist Liam Heath won the K1 200m kayak event in the first race of the season.
The Ellan Vannin football team have won the European Under-21 Championship for the first time.
Bristol's last remaining dry dockyard will be demolished and replaced with a medical vessel, it has been announced.
Too many people are living in care homes where their "personal identity and individuality rapidly diminishes", a report has said.
The right to buy in England could be doubled under government plans to boost the number of affordable rental properties.
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has more than doubled in a year.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Edinburgh.
Portsmouth have signed Belgium international midfielder Ousmane Coulibaly on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paulo Brazil says he is "not aware of where the club are in terms of looking for a new manager".
Hundreds of koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been injured by bushfires in Australia.
More needs to be done to diagnose and treat babies born with a cleft lip or palate, surgeons say.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have had their jobs terminated, the BBC understands.
Mansfield Town have signed Macclesfield Town striker Joe Parkin on a free transfer.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to expand bus services to areas not currently covered by the government's Bus Services Bill.
People on low carbohydrate and low fat diets have lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) over the course of 12 months, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by heavy metal frames.
England international Laura Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has urged Super League to "give Super League a pat on the back" after winning the 2017 World Club Series.
The United Nations has agreed to allow satellites to transmit real-time data from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has admitted that the illegal trade in tiger skins is happening in the wild, wildlife experts say.
Sterling's "shaky" performance this month has given a fresh indication of the challenges ahead for the UK economy, a report has said.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill them, a court has heard.
Dutch airline KLM has expanded its flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster in a pulsating Pro12 encounter.
Plans to build a UK spaceport in Snowdonia have been submitted to the UK government.
Arcade Fire dominated the Pyramid Stage at the Glastonbury Festival on Friday night.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the start date for the Women's Champions Trophy.
At least four people have been killed in an ambush by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Veteran Irish actor and actor John Lally has died at the age of 74.
Middlesex batsman Mark Robson hit his highest-ever first-class score on day two against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Coral bleaching at one of the world's most important coral reefs may not be sustainable, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after a new bailout deal for Cyprus collapsed.
A cancer patient has reached the summit of Mount Everest after raising more than £40,000 for charity.
A community hall in Denbighshire is to be taken over by a parish after it was charged a rent of more than £1,000.
Tributes have been paid to three men who were among the victims of the Tunisia terror attack.
The quality of science lessons in Welsh schools is a "vital factor" in raising standards further, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A number of Muslim-led campaigns have been launched to protect Jewish cemeteries across the US.
Two brothers have been jailed for killing a drug dealer in a "frenzied attack" in North Lanarkshire.
Pop star Ed Sheeran took to the stage for the first time at the Parklife festival in Manchester on Thursday night.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton is to leave the Championship club at the end of the season.
A senior figure in the centre-right UMP party in France has admitted that the party's finances were in a "horrible spiral".
President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the country split from the United States in 1959.
Ferry services have resumed after a fire broke out on board a cargo ship.
Two men have been jailed for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice after a man was killed in a crash in Dubai.
The UK-based cosmetics firm Nivea has withdrawn an advert for its Invisible for Black and White range after it was branded racist.
Cambridge extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has joined Premiership side Sale Sharks on a two-year deal.
UK scientists are working on a new mapping exercise that could help them better understand the causes of big earthquakes.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister David Cameron's response to the election results.
England lost the final one-day international against South Africa at The Wanderers to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill is a part-time member of the party's Welsh assembly group, the group's leader has said.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Amsterdam was diverted due to a "strong smell of smoke", the airline has said.
Too many young people in England are being offered qualifications of little worth as it should be by society, a report says.
Plans to build a hydroelectric scheme on a river in Snowdonia have been shelved by the company behind the scheme.
A gang has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into Wales.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered brain damage during a pre-season friendly, the club has confirmed.
More than 70 years ago, Sir William Harington, the founder of the welfare state, gave a speech in Belfast.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A.
A London-based financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in the city.
David Cameron should be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
Twitter has become a platform for social media users to express their views on the current political situation in Ukraine and Syria.
Hibernian have appointed Neil Lennon as their new manager.
Cameroon defender Adama Chedjou has joined Turkish champions Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
West Lothian and Livingston are home to some of Scotland's most important mining communities.
The Home Office is to introduce a new law that would make it easier for police, security services and other agencies to hack into children's toys.
Myanmar's armed groups have signed a collective agreement with the government to end decades of conflict.
Venezuela's Sukhoi F-16 fighter jets have shot down an unauthorised plane in the country's jungle, officials say.
Mental health services for pregnant and newborn women are to be funded by the Welsh government.
The world's biggest mobile phone maker has agreed to pay $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) to settle a US probe into its export practices.
The number of allegations of sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has more than doubled in a year, the UN says.
A man has admitted killing his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" as they slept upstairs.
France will remain "by the side" of the Malian army for as long as it takes, the UN special envoy to Mali has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a $3.1bn (Â£2.3bn) deal to combat cybercrime.
Hundreds of people have been stranded in cars after heavy rain caused flooding in parts of Warwickshire.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a London boutique.
Theresa May has chosen a UKIP-style version of Brexit which will "cause a squeeze" on public services, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Veteran Simpsons actor Harry Shearer has announced that he will not be returning to the show.
Student nurses in England are to have to take out student loans to pay for their courses, as part of plans to scrap bursaries.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have been thrown into the spotlight.
Olympic gold medallist Kadeena Richards-Ross has spoken of the "brokenness" caused by having an abortion.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the Irish border should not be part of a trade deal with the European Union.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding a conference in Dundee later this week.
Actress Lizzie Jumbo has criticised the lack of opportunities for black and minority actors in the UK.
Plans to introduce grammars in England's selective schools have little impact on the attainment of the most disadvantaged young people, research suggests.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" as he continues to struggle with injury.
When I first heard about the iPhone launch 10 years ago, I wondered whether it would be as revolutionary as the Model T Ford.
A £58m research and innovation centre has been officially opened in Newcastle.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former England Under-20 coach Helen Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed striker Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate rose slightly in May, helped by falling air and sea fares, official figures have shown.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" the party will get tax sharing powers before 2021.
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Graddon says she is ready to retire from diving.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in California, US officials say.
The Pirate Bay website, which was taken down by Swedish police last year, is back online.
Previews and team news for the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
Global temperatures will almost certainly rise above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
The number of animal welfare cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales rose last year, according to new figures.
A drug dealer who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she went missing has been jailed.
Cliftonville manager Jim Mulgrew is relishing the prospect of facing Ards in the Gibson Cup on Tuesday night.
How safe are the world's big international banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Mark Ingram says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Australian Grand Prix as Red Bull said it was "the wrong way to go".
Fifa's ethics committee has suspended a former top official for three years over comments he made about Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A man has been found dead in a house fire in Edinburgh.
Photographs of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s and 80s have gone on display in London.
Michael Vaughan says Newcastle's new-look squad have the mentality to compete in the Championship this season.
When Donald Trump announced his intention to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement, it was widely seen as a blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" following their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a merger between the Leave and Remain campaigns will be a "unifying moment" for both sides of the EU referendum.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger who has been jailed for five years for blasphemy.
A company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling toxic chemicals while wearing only a face mask.
The UK's first nuclear-powered submarine has been officially launched at the Royal Navy's Barrow yard.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to stay at the club for "many years to come".
A security system designed to keep tabs on the movements of vehicles and ships is vulnerable to hackers, a security expert has said.
There was no Joan Collins in the Queen's New Year's Honours list.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered in a nesting box on a Norfolk nature reserve.
Burnley striker Ben Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 to earn Surrey a draw with Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
Southern Cross, the UK's largest care home operator, is considering a major restructuring, the BBC understands.
The number of cancer patients in England who have to wait more than two months for treatment has fallen, according to new figures.
Some species of plants and animals could lose more than half of their habitats under global warming, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.1m for the year to September, boosted by record passenger numbers.
A former cabinet minister and ex-economy chief councillor have been found guilty of misconduct over the sale of council properties, a report has said.
Arsenal and Chelsea have agreed to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Rescue workers in rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo say they have been hit by dozens of barrel bombs and incendiary bombs.
The death of a physiotherapist who fell from a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital was caused by failings in training, a court has heard.
The "embarrassing beliefs" associated with Christianity should be taken seriously in secondary schools, Archbishop of Canterbury Nicky Williams has said.
A large fire has broken out in a row of five terraced houses in Londonderry.
Plans to create a single county council in Oxfordshire have been branded a "disaster".
National League side Torquay United have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a rise in like-for-like sales for the first half of the year.
For the first time, a German U-boat has taken part in a major naval exercise off the coast of Norway.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded in California, destroying a cargo ship that was due to launch on Wednesday.
A woman accused of pointing a gun at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine has been remanded in custody.
A deep-rebound model of the impact that killed off the Earth has been developed by scientists.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a court in Johannesburg.
Joe McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 2 semi-finals in Belfast.
Seahorse numbers have been spotted on a beach in Bristol for the first time in more than a decade.
An Indian artist who created sculptures at a rock garden in the western city of Chandigarh has died at the age of 88.
British Cycling was not based around motivation through fear or performance through fear, says former chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford.
Draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland have been published by the Department of Health.
The timetable for public exams for 2016 has been drawn up 18 months before it was published.
Zinedine Zidane has been granted a licence to work as a reserve-team coach in Spain.
A new road has opened in Taunton after more than two years of delays caused by technical problems.
Peterborough United manager Peter McCann has backed Callum Maddison to be one of the best players in the Championship this season.
Police Scotland has said it will take no steps leading to the closure of its control rooms in Aberdeen or Inverness.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has retired from international football after Sweden lost to Portugal in the World Cup play-off.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has confirmed that a military general was shot dead in the capital, Bujumbura.
Oscar-winning actress Sofia Vergara has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid actresses in the world.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Nepal have been forced to flee their homes after Saturday's earthquake, officials say.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of using "old and hostile rhetoric" against the island's people as a pretext for his policy on human rights.
Actor David Tennant has said he "knew" he was going to star in a new West End play, which features references to Donald Trump and Vlogging.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects President Barack Obama, a review has found.
Gibraltar has said it wants to remain in the European Union.
Drivers on Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Paraguay's President Juan Manuel Santos has said he will not seek re-election in the lower house of parliament.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin by phone on Tuesday, German media report.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from Islamic State (IS) militants.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 10-1 by Judd Trump in the second round of the World Championship.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the general election.
The family of a murdered woman who was stalked by her ex-partner have said they believe she might still be alive if he had been arrested.
China is set to account for a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Bank staff in England and Wales are to be trained in how to spot fraudsters.
Labour is hoping to gain control of Ealing Central and Acton in the general election.
Five Ospreys rugby players have taken part in a recycling collection in Powys.
Flights from Edinburgh Stansted Airport have been forced to make an emergency landing due to bad weather conditions.
Mexico striker Javier Hernandez has joined West Ham on a season-long loan from Bayer Leverkusen.
When you think of Shakespeare's playhouse, you might think of an indoor theatre.
Swansea City Council has agreed a deal to buy the Premier League club from Swansea City Council.
Queens Park Rangers manager Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly abusing match officials during Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says his side's European Champions Cup semi-final win over Munster reminds him of his time in Glasgow.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry 40 years ago.
A story that a Chinese teenager was found hiding in a cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has gone viral on Chinese social media.
It would be a "huge risk" to take the iPlayer service off air, the director general of the BBC has said.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been given the go-ahead by the government.
More than half a million African-American men and women served in the Caribbean during World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it would be a "great shame" to see a women's team compete at the Olympics.
One of the UK's rarest birds of prey has returned to Breckland.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell has described Johann Lamont's resignation as "outrageous".
Japanese chipmaker Softbank has agreed to buy British technology firm ARM Holdings for £20bn.
Edinburgh secured a place in the second round of the Scottish League Cup with a 2-2 draw away to Dunfermline Athletic.
One in eight workers in the UK is too ill to work before they even get to the state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
A Coventry hospital has been placed in special measures in the "in the unlikely event" of a fire, an internal investigation has found.
A man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has launched a new set of stamps to mark the 150th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have been targeted by a cyber-attack, the company has said.
The Isle of Man's first Pilates class has been recreated in memory of a former prisoner of war.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom, covered in a duvet.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend by £3.8bn this year, according to official figures.
David Cameron has been urged to take action to prevent a "surge" of migrants moving inside the European Union.
Lance Armstrong should be banned from cycling for life, according to former Tour de France runner-up Chris LeMond.
Malaysia has criticised Swiss authorities for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been asked to investigate the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement in the Republic of Ireland in 1986.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the North American box office in its first weekend of release, according to Universal Pictures.
Microsoft has revealed details of its new console, Project Scorpio, which it says will be capable of handling high-definition video.
A UKIP MP has resigned after posting comments on Facebook criticising US President Barack Obama.
They're one of the most famous children's books of all time.
Supermarket chain Pret has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who took part in its "big experience week" to get a taste of what it does.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's takeover has "saved" his job.
Poet KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story, Disappearances.
A series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Egypt has left one person dead and several others injured.
A 14-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a concert in Edinburgh to raise funds for the victims of the Nepal earthquake.
Thousands of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook has had his fair share of criticism over the past few years.
The UK's former military chief has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after a surge in insurgent attacks in Afghanistan.
Here is a quick guide to what you should do if you are caught in a thunderstorm.
The legal battle over the takeover of Lotus by Renault Sport has been adjourned until the end of December.
Northamptonshire's hopes of avoiding relegation suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Sussex at Wantage Road.
Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is a "huge step forward" for rugby league, says Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin.
Chelsea Ladies opened their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 1-1 draw against Yeovil Town.
A man was sexually abused at a Jersey care home by a member of staff, a public inquiry has heard.
A County Londonderry woman who was shot in the head by a gunman has said she wants to help free one of the men who carried out the attack.
In the 1980s, Fiji scrum-half John Matavesi made his way to Cornwall to play for the Fiji Barbarians.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Inverness.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Customers of fixed-odds betting machines have been told to do "absolutely anything" to make them feel comfortable, the BBC has learned.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder David Straker on a one-year contract.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, it has emerged.
The attack on a Buddhist shrine in Bangkok is the latest in a series of high-profile attacks in South East Asia.
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for giving his wife a ride on the back of his bike.
Police in Northern Ireland are investigating a spate of online sex offences involving men and women in the Republic of Ireland.
Prime Minister David Cameron is back in the White House again.
A rare ridley turtle found on Anglesey has been moved to a larger tank in their aquarium.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall came from behind to beat Swindon.
Police in three Denbighshire towns are to take over the running of CCTV in the area in a bid to save money.
South Sudan beat Madagascar 2-0 on aggregate to reach the second round of the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN).
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the country will never stop supporting its friends in the Middle East.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania has said he will not carry guns on campus because of a new law in the US state of Texas.
Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot of UKIP's leadership contest, the party has confirmed.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a season-long loan deal.
A Dumfries teacher has been banned from teaching for life after admitting downloading indecent images of children.
A man who posted "highly offensive" Facebook messages about Islam has had his firearms licence revoked.
Armenian weightlifter Rustam Vardanian has been banned for six months after failing a drugs test at the 2008 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker David Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs again.
The parents of a woman who was stalked by a soldier have spoken of their shock at her death.
Lord Strathclyde has resigned as Conservative leader of the House of Lords.
A sandwich manufacturer in County Londonderry has gone into administration.
The boss of Dentsu, the Japanese office firm at the centre of an investigation into the death of a worker, has resigned.
A man doused his wife in white spirit before setting fire to their Chelmsford home, a court has heard.
At least eight people have been killed in two bomb attacks on an army bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Consultation is under way on the possible location of a nuclear waste storage site in Cumbria.
Google's chief executive Eric Schmidt has said he is "rather perplexed" by the debate over corporate taxes in the UK.
Mozambique, a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields, is one of Africa's poorest countries.
Nottingham's Robin Hood and Maid Marian are celebrating their wedding day by throwing axes at each other as part of a charity wedding.
Tom Main's second-half strike earned Oldham victory over Southend to keep their slim League One play-off hopes alive.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of some of the country's biggest land holdings to foreign investors.
League One leaders Bradford City came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the north-west of Guyana on the final day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines - the Ampatuans clan - is about more than just the murder of innocent civilians.
I'm a bit baffled by the Greek government's proposals for a new bailout.
London Underground (LU) union members have voted to accept a pay and conditions deal, paving the way for a Night Tube service.
The chairman of Swansea City youth football club has died at the age of 87.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Gallacher and Airdrieonians goalkeeper Lee Holland on loan until the end of the season.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named.
More than 300 acres of wild fires have been tackled in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been named as the UK's most influential woman.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Gary Higgins both won in the first round of the Home Nations Series in Glasgow, but Gary White was knocked out in the second round.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be involved in helping young people affected by HIV/Aids.
A planned strike by Tower Transit workers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US.
St Helens have signed Newcastle Falcons full-back Tyler Williams on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has invested $2bn (£1.3bn) in Twitter, the company has announced.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport, according to a survey commissioned by UK Sport.
A Dalek from Doctor Who is expected to fetch up to £1m when it goes up for auction later this month.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won his legal battle against the club over a sponsorship deal.
The former head of the Northern Ireland Monitoring Commission, Lord Alderdice, has criticised the government's handling of the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a blaze at a block of flats in Glasgow.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has landed in Kenya for the first time since it was grounded in January.
A team of Pakistani graffiti artists has commissioned an episode of US TV show Homeland to be shown in the UK, after it was criticised for its depiction of the Middle East.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has died at the age of nine.
A pilots' union has said it is "disappointed" a court has refused to hand over the cockpit voice recorder from a helicopter crash.
As the Conservative conference gets under way in the North East, BBC News looks at some of the ideas being considered by the party's MPs.
Five people have died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county, police have said.
Domino's Australia has agreed to buy German pizza chain Joey's Pizza in a deal worth more than Â£1bn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged with historical sex offences against a boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of Fifa has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiracy and money laundering related to corruption at the world football governing body.
It's been a week of surprises for the Clinton campaign.
Five women who were involved in secret relationships with undercover police officers have told MPs they felt "completely turned on its head".
A British man who faked his own death in Syria is facing up to life imprisonment for his role in the conflict.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a tunnel.
Senior Tory backbenchers have told me that the party is in a state of panic.
The government has called for changes to the way the Football Association is run.
The Conservatives' manifesto for the general election is short on policy.
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in the second Test in Dhaka to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that the world is on the brink of a 2C (3.6F) rise in global temperatures.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the age of 28.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The European Union is one of the key markets for Scottish lamb, according to the Scottish Farmers' Association.
Hundreds of GP practices in England are offering incentives to keep patients in hospital within two weeks, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham midfielder Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson could still present the BBC Two show, according to the show's co-presenter Peter Yentob.
Bus users in Bristol have said they are concerned about the future of the city's new express bus service.
Eddie Davies has set a new world record in the shot put to qualify for the Rio Paralympics.
It's one of the most unforgettable moments of a cycling career.
When Doga Makiura set out to visit schools in Rwanda in the early 1990s, he had no idea what he would achieve.
Sheffield United midfielder Rob Baxter has been released by the League One club.
The Bank of England has launched the Financial Services Loan Scheme (FLS).
A Canadian woman has won more than C$1m (Â£770,000) in a lottery drawing in Ontario, Canada.
Same-sex marriage is legal in Northern Ireland, a High Court judge has ruled.
The mascot of an army regiment has been named after a soldier who died last year.
Matt Parkin and Ryan Frear scored as Forest Green beat Halifax to extend their unbeaten run to 13 games.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a knife was found at a military base in Herefordshire.
Pete Kennaugh clinched the overall victory in the Tour of Britain.
Eilish McColgan's new prosthetic foot looks like something out of The Terminator.
Edinburgh prop Tom Dickinson says the club must win every of their next five games to secure a Premiership play-off place.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was the youngest of the victims of the 7/7 terror attacks.
When it comes to hip-hop, it's pretty common.
Scottish Power has launched a new way of buying energy from suppliers.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet senior rebel commanders, the BBC understands.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
A teenager from West Lothian who was battling a rare form of cancer has died at the age of 15.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron is to be the guest speaker at this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign has been launched to highlight the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces have said they are close to reaching the centre of the battle to retake the city of Mosul from Islamic State (IS).
China's government has called for environmental protection to be a key plank of its five-year economic plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by a powerful earthquake in Japan.
European media have reacted with shock and anger to the results of the French and Greek elections.
Archaeologists searching for the remains of King Henry I have begun a major archaeological dig in Reading.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with the Sian Phillips award at the Welsh Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has said it is "very serious" about homophobic chanting on the pitch.
The conflict in Syria has devastated the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae teulu o saith ffoadur o Syria wedi cael ei gadw i ddarparu cymorth i'r ffoaduriaid, yn ôl y Swyddfa Gartref.
World number one Roger Federer will play Rafael Nadal in the second round of the US Open on Tuesday.
Australia's biggest winemaker, TWE, has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR.
Crusaders missed the chance to go top of the Irish Premiership as they were held to a goalless draw by Coleraine.
Researchers in Norway say they have identified a rare type of meteorology that has been associated with the eruption of Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia.
How do you deal with cold calls and how do you respond to them?
Former Marussia team-mate Chris Chilton says he thought of Bianchi as a potential world champion.
Researchers in the US are developing a mobile game that allows people with dementia to learn how to navigate 3D environments.
The family of a missing airman have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" over his disappearance.
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in Lambeth should be offered a HIV test on admission to hospital if they have previously been diagnosed with the virus, according to new guidance.
"It's not my job to turn BHS around."
Lorry and van drivers are taking drugs to relieve the boredom of lengthy shifts, a BBC investigation has found.
The Syrian government's decision to withdraw its last remaining rebel fighters from the city of al-Wair has been hailed as a victory for the country's opposition.
Mashkel is a small town in the north-western province of Sistan-Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 32 people to life in prison for spying for Iran, state media report.
League One side Scunthorpe United have loaned teenage defender Callum Watson to League Two side Barnsley on a month's loan.
A paddleboarder from Gloucestershire has become the first person in the UK to paddle past crocodiles.
The Speaker of Australia's lower house of parliament, David Slipper, has resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in tourism.
TomSka is one of the most successful YouTube vloggers in the world.
The chief executive of the construction firm Redrow has accused the industry of a "wall of bureaucracy" that is preventing it from building new homes.
England must focus on the positives if they are to avoid a repeat of Saturday's humiliation at the Six Nations, says fly-half Sam Hall.
When Laura Robson arrived at Flushing Meadows on Saturday morning, she had no idea what she was going to do next.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of misconduct in public office.
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian's new head coach.
Cricket Ireland have held talks with the West Indies over the vacant position of head coach, BBC Sport understands.
Plans for a £5.4m Civil War museum in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead by the government.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Callum Wilson on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's Laura Muir's 5,000m world record has been ratified as official by UK Athletics, according to former world champion Laura McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes, despite the visitors being underdogs in the first Test.
Plans to turn a Victorian building in Cardiff into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 200 man-mediated minerals have been discovered in the Earth's rocks over the last few hundred years, say scientists.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has been removed from the abdomen of his mother after suffering a rare form of "fetus in fetu".
Five Scots have been named in the Great Britain team for the World Championships in Doha.
A Lancashire high school is to reopen on Monday morning after a threat was made on Facebook, police have said.
Australian police have arrested four Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Mark Stoneman made his first century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would mean the UK would be able to keep most of its current trading relationships with the EU, a ratings agency has said.
David Warner's suspension from the Ashes tour to England has come to an end.
Hundreds of firefighters and police officers in Wales are to receive compensation totalling £5.24m, the Welsh government has said.
The communication centre of a cancer cell is key to its ability to break free from its moorings and move around freely, researchers have discovered.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open with victory over Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over Bristol City.
Microsoft has announced a new product called the HoloLens.
Qatar is one of the richest countries in the world, but what does that mean for its food security?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has met Pope Francis and Pope Francis on the second day of his five-day visit to Italy and France.
EastEnders fans have been reacting to the news that the Taylors are moving to the East End.
Summer is a great time to be a farmer, because it's the perfect time to grow crops.
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan, who has been a member of the Ulster Defence Association since the 1970s, is a survivor of the Troubles.
Newcastle have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie for an undisclosed fee.
More than 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration with the loss of more than 300 jobs.
A man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer told a court he "lost it with her" when she was attacked with the weapon.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship to five points with victory at Brighton.
A man has admitted killing his wife after she went on holiday in Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police has said it will increase the number of its firearm officers by 600 over the next five years.
A large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
An MP has apologised for suggesting that type 1 diabetes is "not preventable" by diet and exercise.
An Oscar-nominated film about the life of Irene Nemirovsky, whose novel Suite Francaise was never published, has been released in the UK.
A major oil fire at an industrial estate in Kent has been brought under control.
Defending champion Rafael Nadal will play at the Aegon Championships in Aegon next month.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying acid capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
As Donald Trump made his first public appearance as president of the European Union in Brussels, BBC News looks at some of the key moments in his eight-day tour.
National League side Northampton Town have signed former Liverpool and Republic of Ireland international Ngoo on a one-year deal.
Hundreds of people have been forced to flee their homes after a huge bushfire broke out in a remote part of Australia.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive at his home have said new evidence is "completely inexplicable".
The number of new accounts opened in Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last two years, according to police figures.
A jigsaw puzzle created by a Norfolk man to help raise money for a children's hospital has been left incomplete after four pieces went missing.
A woman has been killed and an eight-year-old boy injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners are to meet for the first time in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland has been named Scoop Of The Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) Television Awards.
Croatia's Jewish community has said it will boycott next week's ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the death camp at the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Dortmund striker Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts hope to raise a further £3m over the next five years thanks to supporters' contributions.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has bought into the club's fitness programme.
Saracens will play Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will play Exeter in the final.
The mother of a man who was killed by a hit-and-run driver seven years ago has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women secured their first win of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a 27-14 victory over New Zealand in Wellington.
A paraglider narrowly escaped injury when she was hit by a jet, a report has concluded.
A large fire has broken out at a farm in County Londonderry in the Republic of Ireland.
A former church bell-ringer has been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of child sex offences.
When British indie band Oh Wonder released their debut album, Body Gold, it was a huge success for the band.
Nursery staff in England sent a case to the police after a young Muslim boy made a spelling mistake in a picture of a cucumber, it has emerged.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter was locked inside the boot of her car.
A man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of people calling themselves "Trans" and "anarchist" on a platform at Aberdeen University.
Qatar won the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history with a 2-0 win over Qatar in the final of the tournament in Cairo.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side have a "very good chance" of reaching the Europa League group stages.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a learning passport as part of a series of reforms aimed at improving standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his squad contains players who "don't think the aim is to win".
A man's body has been found at a recycling depot in Somerset.
UKIP's leadership contest will be announced on Wednesday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Four mobile neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) are to be rolled out across Northern Ireland.
Super Bowl-winning American defensive tackle Kiko Polamalu has announced his retirement from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was hit by a car in Swansea city centre.
England's Judd Trump will face China's Yan Bingtao in the first round of the World Championship, which starts on Friday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Exeter City and reach the EFL Cup third round.
Plans to demolish a Denbighshire primary school have been given the go-ahead.
Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to his takeover of the club.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Luton as they beat fellow League One strugglers Luton Town.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offering his services to society.
Leyton Orient have appointed ex-Huddersfield Town manager Gary Edwards as their new assistant manager.
A couple whose son was killed by a drink driver are calling for the maximum sentence for careless driving to be increased.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint by a gang of masked men at a house in Lisburn, County Antrim.
England all-rounder Jason Roy says he was unaware of the record-breaking score he made in the one-day series victory over Sri Lanka.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is used to being called a "super sub" by his team-mates.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex won the toss against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
As the jury in the trial of a man accused of plotting a bomb attack in Manchester has retired to consider its verdict, BBC News takes a look at what it thinks could have happened.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and its naval group are to be withdrawn from Syria, the defence ministry has announced.
Rafael Nadal beat German teenager Alexander Zverev in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the French Open.
A British satellite panel has been recovered from a river in the Brazilian state of Para, a local fisherman has told the BBC.
A teenager has been jailed for five years for plotting to kill British soldiers.
A woman who was jailed for stalking a fellow student has won an appeal against her sentence.
A building in the Canary Islands has collapsed, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a draw by Lithuanian side FK Trakai in the Scottish League Cup.
Parents are calling on the government to cap the percentage rise in term-time holiday prices.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot to decide whether to take industrial action over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed striker Emmanuel Cyriac from Dutch side Oostende for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States.
One of Germany's most notorious art dealers, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 83 after agreeing to return his artworks to their rightful owners.
Transport firm Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada head coach Tony Adams has resigned after his side were beaten at home by Espanyol.
Three people have been killed in a three-vehicle crash in Powys.
Derby City Council has set aside £20m to start work on a new 50m swimming pool at the city's main leisure centre.
A school has changed its name following the "unforeseen rise" of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, helped by a rise in the price of gold.
If you are a child in rural areas in South Africa, you may not have heard a word.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man collapsed and died at a house in Kent.
Britain's Andy Murray has pulled out of the Aegon Championships because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing Social Democrats have lost their majority in Thursday's parliamentary election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's library in Newport could be closed under council plans.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new record for the longest break in the history of the bagpipes.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria if they are travelling to high-risk areas, say doctors.
The Green Party has unveiled a poster urging people to vote for the party in the 2015 general election.
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says would be the most detailed in a generation.
As Plaid Cymru's new leader, Leanne Wood has said she will not meet the Queen if she is elected leader.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May, according to two recruitment agencies.
Brentford Blaze have signed American ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference for failing to pay their £148,000 debt.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of beheading his wife.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN investigators say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals to the UN Security Council in March.
A former Methodist minister hypnotised four boys to sexually abuse them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of being the first Briton to join the so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry which was grounded on the Isle of Wight due to an electrical fault has returned to service.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes and up to 400 new homes in Swansea Bay have been unveiled by the city council.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against rising water bills in the Republic of Ireland.
Josh Taylor's trainer has described him as a "phenomenal talent" ahead of his world super-lightweight title defence.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered an ochre kit that could have been used to make paints.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in 2014 compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
Leeds could be transformed into a "motorway city" under plans being considered by the city council.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its degree courses in computer games design.
For the purists who campaigned for Scottish independence in 2014, the answer was simple.
The death of a British man in Thailand is being investigated by the Foreign Office.
Great Britain reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League with a 4-2 win over Argentina.
Huddersfield manager Paul Heckingbottom is hopeful he will be fit to face West Ham on Saturday.
Two men have been arrested over the death of a 21-year-old woman at a takeaway.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £100,000 from her mother.
A Cardiff-based insurance company has won a contract to provide online price comparison services.
North Korea has accused South Korea of launching an attack on Cheong Wa Dae, the presidential residence in Seoul.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Tehran to protest against rising fuel prices.
A database of more than 390 trees and shrubs has been created by researchers in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup with a knee injury.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard has resigned from the cabinet amid a scandal over fake jobs.
Steve Dillon, the British artist who created the Punisher comic strip, has died at the age of 69.
Rickie Fowler and Sergio Garcia are two shots off leader Sergio Garcia after the second round of the Masters at Augusta.
A new map of the dwarf planet Ceres has revealed some of its most striking features.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum has said he is "puzzled" by the announcement of a coalition of 34 countries to fight terrorism.
Russia coach Volodymyr Slutsky has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Josh Broom has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been suspended for four matches after being found guilty of assaulting England's Joe Root.
Plans for a £100m safari park have been given the go-ahead by a council.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by gunmen in the Swat Valley region of north-west Pakistan, police say.
Scotland's former chief medical officer is to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A former GP who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register.
A senior member of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
Matt Wakely and Michael Keogh hit centuries as Northamptonshire fought back against Leicestershire on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Two men from Denbighshire have been nominated for bravery awards.
A film set in the valleys of Gwynedd has won best original screenplay at a foreign language film awards.
Ten people have been charged in connection with a slavery operation at a traveller site in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man has redecorated his Darth Vader costume for the new Star Wars film Rogue One.
A look back at some of the best-loved movies of the past year.
Rangers have completed the signing of former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Marc Dorrans on a three-year deal.
A group of sailors have been rescued after their boat broke down in the sea off Portaferry.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Divers from the University of Dundee are to remove items believed to be bones from the silt layer of the Carnbroe Canal.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees in the wake of student protests.
The latest series of BBC One drama Atlantis has been rebooted.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest shopping day of the year, according to analysts.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of methane on Mars.
More than 100,000 children in England have not been offered a place at one of their preferred schools this year, official figures show.
A new exhibition featuring portraits of some of Britain's most famous people has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend leads the BMW PGA Championship by one shot after the third round, while England's Tyrrell Hatton is three shots behind.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being bitten by a dog.
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist known for his criticism of the Lego brand, is to use the toy company's products to create political art.
Renault driver Robert Kubica says he is "lucky" to still be able to drive in Formula 1.
Sally Bercow and Mike Tindall have been named in the line-up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Hearts have completed the signing of defender Rherras and striker Jordan Sammon, subject to international clearance.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has sworn in a new cabinet, following the ousting of Tony Abbott.
More than half of children are checking their mobile devices before they go to bed, research suggests.
A Rolls-Royce owned by Marilyn Dors has sold for $3m (Â£2.5m) at auction in New York.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a co-worker at a takeaway.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to the Cairngorms National Park have been backed by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has said it expects to complete a major revamp of its Edinburgh store by the end of this month.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Marc Huws on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough midfielder Alex Samuel on a season-long loan deal.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan who died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student who survived a gun attack on her college in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, has told of her ordeal.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for five years.
A US commando force has captured a former Iraqi chemical weapons expert suspected of using mustard gas against Kurdish forces, reports say.
The shortlist for the 2014 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Sunday, 14 December 2014.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child star Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress.
Christopher Biggins has been removed from Celebrity Big Brother after making homophobic comments about bisexual people, the show has said.
The Danish health service has made significant changes to the way it treats cancer patients.
Residents of Gourock in Inverclyde have been told to leave their homes after an unexploded World War Two mine was found on the River Clyde.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino wants the 2022 World Cup to be staged in two or three countries.
National League side Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
The bells of St Mary's Church in Norwich have been played for the first time in more than 100 years.
The former offices of Reading University are set to be turned into apartments as part of a £1m redevelopment.
England fly-half Billy Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
A section of the Conwy Valley line between Conwy and Anglesey has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a street fight.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
Four whales have been rescued from the sea off the coast of the French island of La Rochelle.
A hospital in Greater Manchester is planning to set up a park-and-ride scheme to tackle parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved passengers at its Channel Tunnel terminal because of security concerns.
India has seen a sharp drop in the number of women opting out of the workforce, according to a new study.
Leicester defender Jamie Vardy is a doubt for Saturday's visit of Stoke because of an ankle injury.
A County Antrim MLA has lost a defamation case against a schoolgirl who accused him of harassing her on social media.
Pupils at a primary school which has been closed amid a teachers' strike are to return to school on Thursday.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Andy Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 final for the first time this season.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash on the M4 in Oxfordshire.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
French actress Jean-Claude Lebeau, best known for her role in Casablanca in World War Two, has died at the age of 91.
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a muscle injury.
The winner of Argentina's presidential run-off election will face a second round, the electoral council has announced.
England have been given the all clear to tour Bangladesh in the next two one-day internationals in Dhaka.
Hundreds of thousands of government employees' emails and passwords have been hacked, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and the Scottish and Welsh governments will work together to get the "best deal for the whole of the UK", Scottish Secretary David Russell has said.
Dundee Stars head coach Paul LeFebvre says he is "proud" of his team after they reached the EIHL final.
Welsh lifter Hannah Smith says she is "confident" she can secure a place in Team GB's squad for the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are interested in signing Ecuador defender Alberto Moreno for a fee believed to be about £30m.
Dundee Museum's architect has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made in its first year of construction.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Italian resort city of Venice to protest against rising rents.
Two men who dumped thousands of tonnes of fly-tipped waste in a Birmingham city centre have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chamber of Commerce (SCC) has said it is exploring opportunities for Scottish businesses in China.
When Hong Kong's youngest pro-democracy politician, Ting Yau, was elected to parliament last year, she was only the second person in the country to do so.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are preparing new laws to tackle cyber crime.
Politicians have failed to persuade the public to back the UK in the EU referendum, a think tank has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ken Livingstone looks at the significance of the Welsh general election.
Johanna Konta says she has "a lot of room to grow" after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Evergrande for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of homes in Leeds could be without water for several hours after a water supply problem.
A children's Christmas attraction at a golf course in Somerset has been forced to close because of a lack of funding.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become an MEP.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed its decision to allow nurses to work abroad.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths.
Comedian Bill Bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen during a break-in at the Liverpool Philharmonic.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United.
Plymouth Argyle striker Joe Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the biggest moment of his career.
Japanese shares ended the day lower despite a stronger-than-expected economic growth report.
Australia's largest oil and gas producer, Woodside Petroleum, has reported a jump in half-year profits.
How do you protect your online customer data from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice for police stopping and searching members of the public.
Rail services between Edinburgh and Tweedbank have resumed following delays caused by Storm Desmond.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) says the number of players who have tested positive for performance enhancing drugs is "completely off-the-scale".
Pope Francis has condemned the "genocide" of Armenians during World War One, saying it was like "a wound to keep bleeding".
Lance Armstrong's public confession that he used performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s has shocked the world of cycling.
Would you pay £5 (Â£3) to have one of these pint cups thrown at you at Glastonbury?
A new search and rescue team has been launched at the Inverness base.
Cardiff City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players were fit for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to censure Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu after he was accused of corruption.
Sky has admitted that some of its broadband customers in the north-east of England have been experiencing slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under "constant review" after an attack in which a Conservative MP was shot dead.
More than 90% of patients with a rare form of leukaemia have been cured within a year, a study suggests.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Queensland, Australia, has been named by police.
Luis Suarez says there is fear that Barcelona will be eliminated from the Champions League if Atletico Madrid fail to reach the semi-finals.
A Northern Ireland film-maker is hoping to break into the film industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been arrested after drugs worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) were seized in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn has become the first Labour MP to be elected leader of the House of Commons.
In the midlands of the Republic of Ireland, the town of Longford is one of the country's best-known tourist attractions.
Boris Johnson is to visit Russia in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a British warship off the coast of France.
The government has rejected calls from Labour to restrict the growth of fixed-odds betting machines in the UK.
Ethiopians have been reacting to the news that one of the country's most famous runners has retired from running.
Japanese media tycoon Kazuyoshi Kita is one of the world's richest men.
Luis Suarez has won his appeal against his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini.
Dundee County have signed Lithuania international midfielder Lukas Sernas on loan until the end of the season.
The US National Football League (US Soccer) has announced new rules aimed at reducing the risk of concussions.
US media company 21st Century Fox has made a £11.25bn takeover bid for Sky.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
Police are hunting two men who forced their way into a post office in Glasgow and demanded cash.
Thousands of teenagers have taken part in the Ten Tors challenge in Dartmoor National Park.
Stormont's finance committee opens an inquiry into a £1.24bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to a "gentle giant" who died in a swimming accident in Gwynedd.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to prosecutors over allegations of sexual assault.
Tributes have been paid to former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast international Tiote, who died last month at the age of 31.
Asian shares fell on Monday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election.
Blackberry, the maker of the Z10 smartphone, has reported a net loss for the first three months of the year.
Oil and gas services firm Proserv has won two contract wins in the North Sea.
A pay rise "significantly higher than 1%" will be required in the course of this Parliament to ensure an adequate supply of teachers in England and Wales, the Teaching Standards Board (STRB) has said.
Voters in the European Union have returned to the polls in the first general election since the country's independence in 1957.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe yn cael ei ddefnyddio am y tro cyntaf.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not be holding a referendum on a council tax rise.
The United Nations has called for a quota on US corn production to be suspended.
Curvy glassware make it easier to pace yourself with soft drinks, according to a new study.
National League side Doncaster Rovers have signed midfielder Ryan Dugdale on a two-year deal and defender Jack Cole on a free transfer.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of being "shameless" after it failed to raise enough money for a new game.
The trial of the Boston Marathon bombing suspect has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
It is not every day that the NHS in England goes on strike.
A Mississippi man is suing a funeral home for allegedly refusing to allow him to attend the funeral of a gay man.
Nottingham's caves are to be recreated in a virtual reality tour.
The mother of a baby who died after being left in a car for seven hours suffered a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a gene that makes it easier for cancer to spread to the lungs.
England all-rounder Sarah Brunt took three wickets as Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League for the first time in their history.
The Scottish Conservatives have lost their overall majority in the local elections, according to the Daily Record.
An MP is appealing for help to save a Grade II* listed house that was once home to British artist Helen Bell.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire has failed to meet the government's fire safety targets, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has launched a new drink that can cure the hangover, according to Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Keith Richards says his side have "far more to come" from them in their bid to avoid relegation from the Premiership.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who was left alone on a bus in Powys have said they are "in total and utter shock".
US President Donald Trump has been accused of exaggerating the impact of the Paris climate agreement on future global temperatures.
An Army reservist died after collapsing on a training exercise, an inquest has heard.
Google is exploring ways of detecting cancer in the blood, in a bid to improve early diagnosis of the disease.
Ghana coach Asamoah Gyan has called on his players to "respect the payers".
League One side Morecambe have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Ryan Edwards on loan until the end of the season.
A carer who stole more than £100,000 from a vulnerable elderly carer has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said a 48-team World Cup would be the "most financially appealing" tournament in the world.
The sister of murdered schoolgirl Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest how police failed to investigate her disappearance because of a lack of evidence.
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report has found.
A 39-year-old woman has been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Glasgow city centre.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military base in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 36 soldiers, officials say.
A motion of no confidence in the Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Micheál Frazer has been passed by the Irish parliament.
Jonathan Rea secured his first podium finish of the World Superbike season with victory in the final race of the season.
The US says it will release 37 Afghan prisoners it says it plans to free from Bagram prison.
Ben Affleck has won the director's award at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his film Argo.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence says it has begun an operation to rid the country's border territories of Islamist militants.
Tributes have been paid to sports columnist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the neck.
Liam Latham won Great Britain's second gold medal of the World Para-cycling Championships.
Ospreys will defend their Pro12 title against Cardiff Blues at Twickenham on Saturday.
Sophie Chancellor and Lucia Richardson are to join the cast of a new Channel 4 comedy series.
Joseph Clark was a father of three from Liverpool who died in the Hillsborough disaster on 15 April, 1989.
Two teenagers have admitted carrying out a machete attack on a taxi driver.
Jodie Taylor scored her first goal for England as they beat the Netherlands to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017.
Bath have signed prop Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Britain's James Thomson finished third in the Men's Triathlon in New Zealand on Sunday.
The Australian Greens party has filed a motion calling US presidential hopeful Donald Trump a "revolting slug" ahead of the US election.
Rio 2016 will be the most watched TV event in UK broadcasting history, the BBC has announced.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has approved a £1.5m compensation package for the crew of a drilling rig which was grounded last year.
Talks are under way about how to deal with cross-Channel traffic disruption caused by strikes and migrants.
A man who died after being shot in Cardiff city centre has been named by police.
Darren Brathwaite took three wickets to help West Indies beat England by eight runs in the World Twenty20 final in Barbados.
The former South African spy chief Jo Coetzee has died at the age of 83.
Six men have been charged with criminal offences over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, the Crown Prosecution Service has announced.
Archaeological finds have been uncovered at a site near the new West Link road in Inverness.
In the centre of the Bavarian city of Duesseldorf, the streets are bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has criticised the BBC's decision not to broadcast its election coverage in Northern Ireland.
A van being used as a prop by Radio 1 DJ Chris Mayweather has been set alight in a suspected arson attack.
A 10-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a vapouriser exploded on a train in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in central London.
The number of people in the developing world with severe or severe vision problems is set to soar in the coming decades, say researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Wednesday's 1-0 friendly win over Poland will give his side confidence for the next few months.
A man who carried a fake gun near a Worthing primary school has been jailed.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the BBC looks at some of the events taking place in London to mark the centenary of All Saints Day.
New rules to make broadband adverts more transparent have come into force in England.
A Post Office worker has been seriously injured in a "vicious" attack at Gala Park in the Borders.
The prospect of Northern Ireland devolving corporation tax to the Republic of Ireland is "gravely concerning", a business group has said.
A section of a cliff at the foot of Bournemouth's seafront promenade has collapsed.
Leyton Orient striker Lee Jones has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have retained five seats in Dorset, including one held by the Liberal Democrats.
Plans to cut services in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
The death of Liam Fee in Fife in January 2014 was the result of a series of failings by social services, a court has heard.
President Donald Trump has signed into law a ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries travelling to the US.
The Australian government has announced plans to revoke citizenship from dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Soldiers who refused to stand up at a parade in the Brecon Beacons have been sentenced to 10 years' detention.
A man has been seriously injured in an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Hollywood actor Danny Hart has revealed he is to release a new album next year.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over Britain's Dan Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has announced his retirement from professional football.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United for an undisclosed fee.
The vast majority of the world’s oceans are unregulated.
The death toll from the Glasgow bin lorry crash will be determined on Monday, the Public Health Inquiry (FAI) has announced.
The DUP's former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has said he was told by his special advisor that he would not be allowed to cut the tariff on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The closure of the police control room service in Dumfries has been described as a "sad day" for the town and its officers.
The Scottish government is exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to the south of Scotland.
Campaigners have lost their bid to overturn a decision to install overhead power cables between two wind farms in Conwy county.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as good for the club as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy.
A group of miniature sheep sculptures have been created in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a rehabilitation centre.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 1-0 defeat by Spain was a "special" result.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold pendant has been discovered in Norfolk.
A UKIP donor has said he has been suspended from the party over comments he made about the party being run like a squash club.
Plans to improve Cardiff's transport system have been unveiled.
Two County Tyrone umpires have become the first women to officiate a senior county cricket match.
A woman who was raped and sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale in the 1990s has called for an investigation into allegations of historical abuse.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have arrested two men they believe were involved in the murder of a Dublin man.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches in a Lancashire field.
A "cold, calculating, predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been found guilty of a string of sex attacks on children.
Bolton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten at home by Brentford.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she believes the owner of a car seen in the area is significant.
Alex Davies and Alex Jarvis hit centuries as Derbyshire built a strong lead over Lancashire on day two at Edgbaston.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history with a 2-1 win over DR Congo.
Eight Aston Villa fans have been arrested after a fight broke out during the Premier League match with Leicester City.
It was one of the darkest nights of the war in Manchester.
Michael Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford thrashed Widnes to record their first Super League win of the season.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A 22-year-old man who killed a woman at a Newport hotel was planning to serve his entire sentence, a court has heard.
People with chronic illnesses are at greater risk of losing their sense of identity, research suggests.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) for failing drugs tests.
Australia's biggest bank, the Clydesdale, is to set aside another £500m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A two-year-old zebra has died after being shot at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a former hospital in Aberdeen.
France's President Francois Hollande has promised to improve the security of the country's police, after a series of shootings in the capital Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the possibility of a polygraph test for new Nigerian police officers.
A copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be sold for the first time in more than 50 years.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time in the UK.
A former director of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has published a list of politicians accused of involvement in a bribery scheme.
League One side Shakers have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Paul Rachubka on a two-year deal.
Jamaica and the UK have signed a deal to pay for the construction of a £1bn jail in the UK.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of not doing enough to protect it from hackers who stole $81m (Â£56m) of cash in February.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on a season-long loan deal.
In the middle of a pre-season friendly between Aberdeen and Rangers last year, an Aberdeen fan shouted at the team's captain, Jonny Foster.
A major engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Angus.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Murray in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Wimbledon.
Universities in England are advertising tuition fees of £9,250 as part of plans to link inflation to standards of teaching.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in a pub in Harrogate.
Mae'r datblygwyr yn dweud y byddai'r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m ond mae Llywodraeth Cymru.
Huddersfield Town moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Norwich City.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says striker Sergio Aguero's absence will make Sunday's derby against Manchester United more difficult.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he is relishing his 1,000th Premier League game at Stoke City.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading players for the Champions League play-off round against Rosenborg.
A review of Dumfries and Galloway's major festivals and events strategy has found it has "generally met its objectives".
The number of inmates killed at a prison in Gloucestershire has more than doubled in the past five years, the prison watchdog has said.
Ulster captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland head coach.
Thousands of people are expected to descend on the Isle of Wight for the first ever National Log Carving Championships.
Schools in England are taking steps to tackle corporal punishment after a teacher was found guilty of abusing children at a madrassa.
It has been described as one of Shakespeare's greatest comedies.
The UK's energy regulator, Ofgem, has urged consumers to switch suppliers for savings of hundreds of pounds.
Drake has been announced as one of the headline acts for this year's Lulworth Festival.
St Helens prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking Newcastle Falcons' Rhys Priestland with his forearm.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for properties to be found and requisitioned in London in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
One of the world's most successful digital currencies, Bitcoin, has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash with a lorry in Lancashire.
A group of Saudi Arabian girls have won a prestigious international competition in the US.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over bottom side Benetton Treviso.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of freezing temperatures over Christmas.
Pop star Sir Elton John has revealed he has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix.
Cryptography has been at the heart of a long-running dispute between the US government and the FBI.
When Deutsche Bank published its forecast for the general election in May, it looked at the two main outcomes.
Factory activity in the US fell for the second month in a row in June, according to a closely watched survey.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Hugh Kinsella visits the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the Congolese boxers hoping to follow in Muhammad Ali's footsteps.
At the Dorney leisure centre in Camden, it is easy to see why residents are staying in their flats after the Grenfell Tower fire.
It's been a busy week for the homeless in the UK.
Aer Lingus has announced it is cancelling some of its summer flights in the UK.
At least two people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Izmir, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to former British Prime Minister David Cameron, who has died at the age of 91.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in south-west London.
Portadown will take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Saturday.
Cyber-thieves operate in the shadows of the Ukrainian military.
A man has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing weapons with a range of dangerous levels.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe plant could be sold to a private equity firm.
American Phil Mickelson carded a one-under-par 63 to lead by one shot after the first round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
London's transport system has been hit by a series of problems, including delays, cancellations and cancellations.
(Close): Shares in Dixons Carphone led the FTSE 100 higher after it reported a rise in like-for-like sales.
Violence and self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales have reached a six-year high, figures show.
Land managers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A cancer survivor is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The Welsh Government's budget for 2017/18 is due to be presented to AMs later.
A lorry has crashed into a house and overturned on a level crossing.
England prop Cian Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions' tour of Australia with an ankle injury.
Malaysia's investment fund 1MDB has been at the centre of a huge money-laundering scandal for years.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in Govanhill.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
A key youth unemployment scheme in Wales has been temporarily closed by the Welsh government.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man died in hospital.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland is to be held by the Scottish government.
The family of a woman who was taken to hospital by ambulance because of a lack of staff have criticised the hospital's failure to meet its admissions target.
The European Parliament has accused Marine Le Pen's far-right National Front (FN) of fraudulently receiving €1m (£1.3m) from the party.
Migrant workers and their dependants will be exempt from a new £35,000 salary cap, the government has announced.
The Royal Yacht has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 consecutive years.
London Underground (LU) has rejected claims by the Aslef union that it will impose new rosters on all night Tube drivers.
An 18th Century fort is to open its doors to the public for the first time in Wales.
A number of homes in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire have been flooded in the wake of Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
Leaders of the EU and Turkey have agreed a deal aimed at reducing the number of migrants and refugees arriving in the bloc from Turkey.
The UK has warned its citizens of the risks of travelling to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman John Scally has said the club's future is at risk if they do not build a new stadium.
A man's body has been found in a house in Londonderry.
Derby County suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Ipswich Town in the Championship.
The best way to get a piece of paper into a bin is to throw it with the human arm, according to a new study.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Thornton has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
The Vote Leave campaign has launched a competition to predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football tournament.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow across much of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects to see a "big exodus" of players following the club's promotion to the Scottish Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has denied reports that he would be replaced by Sepp Blatter.
More than a third of men in the UK are diagnosed with meningitis.
Sky has dropped darts pundit Eric Bristow after he made homophobic comments about child sex abuse victims.
Two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC has said it is "extremely ambitious" to become the "great cultural force in the world".
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported record sales for the fourth quarter, helped by a surge in existing home sales.
Tranmere Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Dale.
A Turkish court has ordered the trial of eight men accused of their roles in a deadly coal mine disaster.
The UK says it believes Islamic State (IS) militants will fall "very soon" in Mosul, the last major city in Iraq still under its control.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the final of the Monte Carlo Masters with a 6-4 6-2 win over Croatia's Andrej Dodig and Bruno Soares.
A 26-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with an explosive device alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for their role in the killing of a group of Sikh men in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.
China's schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are", says a leading British academic.
Civil servants are to be asked to give their views on executive pay as part of a shake-up of the way companies are run.
A former shipbuilder has announced plans to re-employ more than 1,300 staff at its Clyde yard.
Police investigating the murder of a teenager in Greater Manchester more than 40 years ago have released new CCTV images of her last known movements.
The family of a teenage girl who was killed in a crash have said they are "utterly broken" by her death.
A third member of the Northern Ireland States Board has resigned following a vote of confidence in the department.
Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea manager for the first time since Jose Mourinho's sacking on Thursday.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson reached the final of the China Open with a 6-2 6-1 win over China's Zhang Shuai and Yan Yang.
Australia won the Tri-Nations for the first time in their history with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A popular surf attraction in Conwy county has been forced to close for the winter because of a fault.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed building from fire after it was damaged in a suspected arson attack.
The vice chancellor of Oxford University has said universities must do more to tackle radicalisation and extremism.
The Lego Movie has been named best picture at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council has resigned.
World number one Lydia Ko is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Women's US Open.
Joe Garner is to leave BT to become chief executive of the UK's biggest bank, Nationwide, the company has announced.
Kilmarnock have signed Scott Waters from Celtic for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns have been raised over plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school with a secondary school.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for 11 years for his part in a gang smuggling firearms into the UK undetected.
The New Horizons probe is preparing to make its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Premiership side Wasps at the end of the season.
The government has given the go-ahead for the construction of the UK's first new nuclear power station since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Aldershot came from behind to beat Grimsby and move up to third in the National League.
McDonald's Japan says it will stop serving potatoes in its stores until the end of the year because of a food shortage.
Ex-Wales and England lock Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge University in Saturday's Six Nations match against Oxford.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists who film their attack and distribute it to others, under new guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is willing to work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain criteria are met.
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth was offered the chance to play golf for the first time in his life.
Thousands of people who have failed to renew their tax credits are being urged to do so by HM Revenue and Customs.
Bolton Wanderers have rejected a bid to appoint Chris Wilder as their new manager.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Pat Johnston says his side's weekend was a "good opportunity to make it a four-point weekend".
The world's largest container ship has docked in Suffolk for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their 100-run lead over Gloucestershire at the end of day two of the T20 Blast at Cardiff.
The government's plans to pump £415m into schools over the next two years are "derelict and counterproductive", a local authority has said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its Defender vehicle, the DC100.
Southampton manager Claude Puel wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
US paint maker PPG has rejected a bid from Akzo Nobel for the paints and coatings maker.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle thrashed Forfar Farmington 5-1 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross says it has been forced to close a key port in Yemen because of a lack of supplies.
United Airlines has said it will stop operating its Belfast to Newark air route after the European Union blocked its funding.
South Africa's failure to score goals in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Gabon has been blamed on poor preparation, says former captain David Mashaba.
The Russian government has launched a new version of the country's Wikipedia website.
When Ben Fearon retired from athletics at the end of last season, his career was in a state of disarray.
Stuart Boyd has backed the idea of Scottish football playing in the United States.
Four men have been arrested after a girl and her cousin were killed in a crash in Oldham.
Wycombe Wanderers have completed the signing of Southampton midfielder Ryan Gape for an undisclosed fee.
An eight-year-old boy who ran a 100m race without his walking frame has been named Yorkshire's Business Enterprise of the Year.
The BBC's global coverage of climate change has dropped by as much as 40% in the past five years.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of football's governing body Fifa.
Defending champion Laura Doherty has been drawn in the second round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl for an England legend.
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
A police officer used a Taser on a man who was threatening to set himself alight, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has rejected an offer from the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Wildfires in northern California have killed at least one person and destroyed more than 1,000 homes, officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr by mutual consent and have appointed Steve Watson as their new manager.
The husband of a woman who was abducted and chained to the side of a highway in California has said he believes a "message" was branded on her skin.
A community group has launched a bid to reopen one of Reading's oldest hot baths.
It's been a busy week in the world of emoji.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister".
England's Chris Hadwin shot a three-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
An Orange community group in north Belfast is planning to hold a protest parade on Friday evening.
A Scottish oak has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year for the 100th year in a row.
Olympic gold medallist Paul Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station in the western state of Andhra Pradesh has been operational for the first time, officials say.
A coroner has said he will write to the Department of Health to raise concerns about staffing levels at a hospital where a woman died.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
A Royal Navy dockyard has been placed under special measures over safety concerns, the Nuclear Information Service has said.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against Adam Adams' red card for the second time this season.
The deaths of a father and son who were found dead at their home do not involve a third party, police have said.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for a national ban on bringing animals on to hospital wards.
A charity is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives to be banned by UK supermarkets and retailers.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, I asked one of its most senior politicians what he thinks about the impact of Brexit.
Irish police investigating the London terror attacks have arrested a man in the Republic of Ireland.
Teachers' pay could be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a two-car crash in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new permanent exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than in any other UK jurisdiction in the past three months.
Wales' first female Olympic gold medallist Helen Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in Windsor.
At least one person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car during a Nato exercise in Norway, police say.
At a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where more than 200 people were killed by suicide bombers on Friday night, it is easy to forget that the attack was carried out by the Islamist group Boko Haram.
Italian police have seized assets belonging to one of the world's most notorious fraudsters.
Two German tourists have been caned in Singapore for vandalising a train.
A project to protect the beauty of Snowdonia's mountains has been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian government facility, saying it was the right choice.
Belfast Giants will play the Belfast Lightning in their first Elite League game of 2017-18.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to protest against plans to demolish a Victorian burial ground in south-east London.
Steven Stevens' unbeaten century helped Kent take control of their Division Two match against Essex.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has accused the Syrian opposition of providing "every possible and necessary aid" to the government.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said there is "much to be done" in the second independence referendum.
More than 100 firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Berkshire, the fire service has said.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Police in Pembrokeshire are to be fitted with CCTV cameras in a bid to improve transparency.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa in a bid to raise money for Sport Relief.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson says Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he joined Celtic.
A 22-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder has died in hospital.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was "proud" of his side after they suffered a shock defeat by Argentina in the Six Nations.
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son in a hut for six days has said he forgives him.
A man has been given a community payback order after being found guilty of drink driving.
The owners of a Denbighshire hospital will have to pay more than £1m after a public inquiry into the condition of the site was dismissed.
Israeli police are investigating a video which appears to show a policeman kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, says former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been branded "sexist" after it advertised for a "sexy female driver" for £50,000 a year.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, a survey for the Church of England suggests.
The graves of four young girls killed in an explosion in Wrexham during World War One are to be marked 100 years after they were buried.
The daughter of former Conservative peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse as an "absolute outrage".
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies in Florida and Ohio.
The presence of tabloid newspapers in the home during childhood is linked to poor vocabulary, a study suggests.
National League side Lincoln City have signed former Grimsby Town defender Ryan Davis on a two-year deal.
All photographs courtesy of @DogsAtPolling
Justice Secretary Alex Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Thousands of people in Vanuatu have been evacuated from their homes after Cyclone Debbie hit the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping and murdering a Kurdish woman in a street attack in the German city of Hannover.
Goals from Ryan Roberts and Tom Fletcher helped Barnsley to a comfortable win over Coventry City in League One.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has blamed a lack of confidence for his side's poor start to the season.
When Kanu Gandhi arrived at the ashram of Mahatma Gandhi in the western Indian state of Gujarat in 1938, he was greeted by a steady stream of visitors.
A man has been arrested after two women were assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Hundreds of staff at a telecommunications company in Torfaen have been left "devastated" by the closure of their offices.
A mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults has resigned.
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in California.
Cyclists have been banned from riding around Mansfield Market in the run-up to the Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who escaped from police in the eastern German city of Leipzig have been recognised as heroes for their bravery.
Households aged 45-54 saw their wealth rise by more than 50% in real terms over the past decade, according to a new report.
Voters in Spain go to the polls on Monday to choose their next prime minister, with the left-wing Podemos party hoping to win a third term in office.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after an 18-year-old woman was raped at a railway station.
Two things have come out of the way for BP.
Dozens of pupils at a Gloucestershire school have been sent home for failing to wear their school uniform.
Bollywood film-maker Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film based on the life of an Indian boxer who fled violence in the north-eastern state of Assam.
The Forth Crossing Bridge project has been given its "best shot" of opening by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The people of Wukan, a small village in south-western China, are calling for an end to a long-running political standoff.
A Disunited State of America, if you like.
A washing machine manufacturer has been awarded a £1m grant to build a production line in Kent.
US President Barack Obama has criticised the UK's intervention in Libya, saying there is "room for criticism".
The conviction of a man who was shot dead by police during a shoot to kill incident 32 years ago has been referred to the Court of Appeal.
North Korea has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government, state media say.
Motherwell have completed the signing of striker Dom Thomas from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions moved up to fourth in Super League with victory over Salford Red Devils.
Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone are to reprise their roles as Dame Barbara Windsor and Dame Barbara Babs in a new BBC One drama.
The army in Ivory Coast has fired warning shots at mutinous soldiers in the capital, Abidjan, hours after the uprising began.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to end a controversial tax on tampons.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government is "turning a corner" in the recovery of the UK economy.
It's not every day that you get a chance to meet the leaders of the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election.
Plans for a new £1bn school in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
The price of Scottish pork has fallen by 18% in the last year, according to a trade union.
When it comes to luxury goods, there are two main categories.
A gang of thieves who stole power cables worth more than £1m have been jailed for five years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's California home.
It is a huge achievement for Scotland to have more children with disabilities in mainstream schools.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens hooker Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, who wrote the songs for Michael Jackson's Thriller album, has died.
Victoria Taylor has been ruled out of England's one-day and Twenty20 series against Pakistan because of a back injury.
Nathaniel Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City came from behind to beat Burton Albion.
A man has denied causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 and M8 motorways in Scotland as part of major road improvements.
Moeen Ali hit a career-best 58 as England took control of the second Test against South Africa on a rain-affected third day at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is a sport that has been going on in Scotland for many years.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Duncan Jones says it is "disappointing" that the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has not signed a new contract with the Welsh region.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don has called for supermarkets to help boost the UK garden market.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of Oban.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was killed by a cricket bat while he was holding her.
Israeli police have raided the homes of executives and frozen bank accounts as part of an investigation into alleged price-fixing for high school trips to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford fought back from a goal down to draw with 10-man Oldham.
Nice have completed the signing of former Netherlands defender Janne Sneijder for an undisclosed fee.
Dover made it two wins from two in the National League with a comfortable victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Falmouth to protest against plans to increase student accommodation in the town.
Work is set to get under way on major road improvements in North Lanarkshire and East Kilbride.
Drug addicts in Rhosddu should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal matter, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Ed Miliband has said he would "rather see David Cameron and the Conservatives back in government than actually work with the SNP".
The number of weddings held in Gretna has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
The mother of a seven-year-old boy who went missing two weeks ago has spoken to police for the first time.
Plans for a new Welsh medium high school in Haverfordwest have been approved by councillors.
There's been a big rise in the number of children needing hospital treatment in the UK.
The family of a boy who suffered facial injuries when he was attacked by a stray dog in Cardiff have been awarded £1m in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A flag from the Battle of the Somme is believed to have been flown above Nelson's flagship HMS Leviathan, an auctioneer has said.
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates after cocaine with a street value of £3,000 was found in his car.
Police have been given the all-clear to hand over the transcripts of a former loyalist and republican witness's account of the Troubles.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of a bronze medal at the Rio Paralympics after failing a drugs test.
Antonio Antonio scored twice as Watford came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
It is "more important than ever" that Wales spread the message of peace and unity over Christmas, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour could be forced to change its anti-doping policy if it fails to meet Olympic standards.
Imagine you have a Facebook account pretending to be you.
Police have released CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege in which a hostage was killed, an inquest has heard.
Four Royal Navy frigates that were put up for sale last year are to be recycled.
Salford Red Devils have signed Tonga international Tyrone McCarthy from Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln, police have said.
The UN chemical weapons watchdog has declared Syria's chemical weapons facilities ready to be destroyed.
Cystic fibrosis is likely to be a "fundamental treatment" for the disease, say doctors.
The owner of one of the world's most famous bookshops has said he is facing a £5,000 bill to restock the building.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk from Monday, the Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has said.
Plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England have been defeated in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "callous and in the extreme" comments about a missing boy on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
The president of Cyprus is due to sign a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Mountaineers from the St Kilda archipelago have climbed two of the islands' highest cliffs.
A Cardiff speed camera is catching more than 13,000 speeding drivers a day, according to figures obtained by BBC Wales.
An inquest into the death of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people at a concert in Manchester has been opened and adjourned.
The Department of the Department of Defence (DRD) has been ordered to pay £1m in damages over the failure to secure a contract for a major road project.
Mae cynlluniau amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal o ffordd yw agor rhagor o siopau.
A Nottinghamshire doctor has been given a five-year jail term after being found guilty of wounding a group of patients.
Two disabled people have lost a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their benefits.
David Cameron and Angus Robertson have clashed over the government's handling of the tax debate in the House of Commons.
A number of shots have been fired in the German city of Friedrich-Stoltze, close to the main police station.
Northern Ireland's teachers' unions have said they are "extremely unhappy" after the government rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise.
More than half of nurseries and childminders in England say they will not offer free childcare under a government scheme, according to a survey.
The flamingo cadaver stands proud while having a doze.
An 18-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in west Belfast.
Workers on the Night Tube are to vote on a pay and conditions deal with the London Underground, the RMT union has announced.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has completed a cycle race around the UK in a bid to raise awareness of missing children.
A Turkish woman has been arrested on suspicion of insulting the president, her lawyer says.
Two RNLI lifeboats have been involved in a major search for a man reported to have fallen from a bridge in Broughty Ferry.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The Organization of American States (OAS) has condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to suspend the country's legislative assembly.
Council tax increases in Wales would "disproportionately affect some parts of Wales", a minister has said.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 19-year-old man was attacked in a park in Carmarthenshire.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record-breaking passenger numbers for January.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
In the wake of the protests in Nicosia on Monday, there was a palpable sense of unease in Europe.
Two hunters have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged with illegally hunting a lion.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from active duty after they were involved in a confrontation at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have won the Cheshire seat of Tatton in the general election.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana has said.
A bus has left the road and crashed into a wall before coming to rest against a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, according to official figures.
How Welsh was King Arthur before the Saxons invaded Wales?
Work on the new high-speed rail line between Birmingham and Coventry is set to cause a "huge" number of weekend closures, campaigners have warned.
A lorry driver has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a mother and her unborn baby.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his work practices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight in a house fire.
A tree office in east London is to be opened to the public for the first time.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped the knighthoods and dames awarded to the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh.
Pop stars Katy Perry and Lenny Kravitz helped the New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 24-24 on Sunday to win the Super Bowl.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true".
Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Matej Benedicic for an undisclosed fee.
A construction worker has described the "frustrating" delays to the building of a new arts centre in north Wales.
The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon has been the scene of a week-long protest by the armed occupiers.
The parents of a teenager who was killed by a mentally ill man 16 years ago have said they want to keep the charity going.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash in Londonderry.
An Orange Order parade in County Londonderry has been marred by a clash between parishioners and Fr John Donegan.
Shares in brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev have risen after the company raised its offer for rival SABMiller.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted off the coast of Australia for the first time.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government faces "tough choices" over its spending plans.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for leaking sensitive information about the country's royal family.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Andrew has been given a one-match touchline ban for his violent conduct during the 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
Former England batsman James Taylor has joined Nottinghamshire as an assistant coach.
Manchester United midfielder Nani says he is "very confident" the club will have better results in the future despite their relegation from La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce is concerned about the future of goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Barry O'Shea's late goal secured victory for League One strugglers Chesterfield over Port Vale.
China's imports fell in September from a year earlier, according to official figures.
A peer has been found guilty of sending a threatening Facebook message asking for Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over immigration campaigner Michelle Miller.
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by more than a third in the year ending September 2015, official figures show.
More than half of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a new survey.
Manchester United will be without captain Wayne Rooney, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over their economic policies in a televised debate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on their children's cognitive development, a study suggests.
The government has said it will continue to fund free school meals for all infants in England.
Pembrokeshire council is considering scrapping free black bags in a bid to save money, a committee of MPs has heard.
A California man has been jailed for 16 years for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A non-league football club has become the first in the country to eliminate animal products from its menu.
Rotherham United have signed former Dundee United midfielder Michael van Zanten on a two-year contract.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams both reached the French Open semi-finals on a rain-affected day.
MSPs have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull boss Marco Silva has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game at Burnley.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Bomber Command ground crewman who died in hospital in Lancashire.
Olympic champion Kadeena Johnson-Thompson won gold in the heptathlon as Great Britain won six medals at the European Championships.
A survivor of the terror attack on a train in Brussels has described how he and other passengers were abandoned by the staff who tackled the gunman.
A rare Galapagos tortoise has died at a zoo in California.
The United States women's football team will take part in a parade in New York to celebrate their World Cup victory.
The funeral of two Irish boys who were found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a young girl and making indecent images of her.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Rare photographs of Dambusters during World War Two have been sold at auction for the first time.
Chocolate eggs have been added to Cadbury's Creme Eggs to celebrate Wimbledon.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino "should have done better" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win over Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time since Islamic State (IS) militants took it in July.
The Metropolitan Opera's decision not to broadcast an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants has been criticised by the Jewish community.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he is relishing the prospect of helping Hibernian return to the top of the Premiership.
The UK appears to have abandoned its leadership on climate change, a UN climate change expert has said.
A robot that can read and understand is the best in the world, according to Japanese scientist Yuriko Arai.
A Syrian rebel group says it has captured the pilot of a jet which crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England rugby union coach Stuart Lancaster is in talks with Toulon about the vacant head coach's job.
The voice of Kermit the Frog is to be replaced by Matt Vogel, the creator of the Muppets.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man in Larkhall have said they believe the answer to his death lies within the community.
A semi-submersible drilling rig has run aground on the Isle of Lewis.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Widnes Vikings can turn around their poor start to the Super League season, says head coach Paul Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to remove defender Mats Hummels from the squad.
Two arson attacks have broken out at a house in Londonderry.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru are to launch their election manifesto on Thursday, with the party promising a "fairer funding and a guaranteed funding floor".
The Scottish SPCA has released a swan which was shot in the leg with a bow and arrow in Fife.
Non-formal and in-work education is to be included in a new register set up by Wales' education council.
Saudi Arabia has carried out a record number of executions in the coming days, according to reports by local media.
Bristol City have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Morgan-Smith on a two-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a cattle ranch in the Canadian city of Montreal.
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge in Skye.
The Crown Office has ruled there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a Dundee West MP over his involvement in a fire engine campaign.
There is only one party in a position to secure an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
People who read for pleasure are more likely to improve their mental health, according to a report.
Silverstone's owners have triggered a break clause to prevent the British Grand Prix being held in London, says former Formula 1 driver Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in Bridgend county has installed a high-definition weather camera in a bid to cut the number of launches.
United Airlines has become the latest tech company to reward hackers who report security flaws.
Alex Boyce scored a hat-trick as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat 10-man Ross County.
Horses are more likely to react to angry and happy faces, according to a new study.
Police have carried out more than 100 breath tests across north Wales as part of a campaign to reduce deaths on the roads.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by two men in Edinburgh.
Championship leaders Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as they were held to a goalless draw by Charles.
Tottenham moved up to fourth in the Premier League with victory over Aston Villa in the FA Cup.
The insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on their next Premier League game against Manchester City.
A drug which reduces the risk of HIV infection is to be made available on the NHS in Wales, the health secretary has announced.
A Russian track and field athlete has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing in Wales contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
A total of 307 Tube station staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) ahead of the launch of the Night Tube.
Firefighters have been dealing with a second blaze at a derelict dockyard in Newport.
The police inquiry into historical child abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped and replaced with a stronger one, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
There has been a big rise in the number of young people applying to university in England, according to figures from the Universities College of England (Ucas).
Hull KR recorded their first win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Halifax.
A three-month-old baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been taken to hospital, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her brother at a new play park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has described the paramilitary display at her grandmother's funeral as "a political football".
The organisers of JogScotland Fife have said they are "devastated" after the Scottish government pulled funding for the organisation.
The DUP's Naomi Long and the Alliance's Gavin Robinson are going head-to-head in the East Belfast election.
A Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about an argument at Downing Street, the force has said.
Actress Gemma Arterton has been cast in a stage musical based on the 1970s film Made in Dagenham.
The second day of the second Test in Visakhapatnam was a nightmare for England.
Two farmers who stole more than 100 sheep from their neighbours have been jailed.
The Greek prime minister has said the "vicious circle" of militarisation and sanctions against Russia is "not productive".
Team Sky chief executive Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way his team handled allegations of doping.
A Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his home in St Petersburg.
On the morning of the 26th anniversary of the hijacking of Pan Am Flight 73 in Karachi, Pakistan, the crew were preparing for take-off.
Police forces in England and Wales are being "chipped away" by a "conscious form of rationing", a watchdog has said.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with energy firms among the biggest fallers.
Two teenagers have appeared in court in Canada charged with child pornography offences related to the death of a teenager.
Olympic bronze medallist Jack Bevan has revealed he suffered a serious leg injury in training.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A search is under way for a man who has gone missing in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho described his side's 1-0 Premier League defeat by West Ham as "like a football from the 19th Century".
The UN envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile truce in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae plaid Cymru yn dilyn cyhoeddiad i Gymru fel gwlad yng Nghymru, yn ôl y Farwnes Morgan.
Fly-half George North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to "kick on" in the second Test against the All Blacks in New Zealand.
A World War Two bomb has been found in Sheffield city centre.
A World Cup winning song and video featuring some of England's most famous footballers has been released in the UK.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was subjected to ritual humiliation.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been left "shocked" by cuts to their funding.
If you want to know what makes a good Indian street food, do you know that bund gosht is one of the best options?
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to develop a cloud-based time and attendance system for the Passport Office.
Two teenagers who went missing off the coast of Florida have been found safe and well.
A storm named Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the institution is doing "everything in its power" to prevent violence.
Plans for a new stadium at Bristol City have been given the go-ahead by the club's majority shareholder.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nick Clegg looks at how the Liberal Democrats fared in local elections across England and Wales.
Roberto Martinez has said he will "taste this period forever" as Everton manager after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have signed former AFC Wimbledon and Falkirk striker Chris Compton and ex-Bolton striker Ryan Rigg.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, BBC Wales looks back at some of the key moments in the country's footballing history.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been broken apart in a row over padlocks.
The family of a British Sikh tourist who was allegedly murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation".
Garry Ringrose has been described as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Pop star Britney Spears has performed her first live show in more than a decade at London's Roundhouse.
Glenurquhart were held to a goalless draw by Lovat in the MacTavish Cup at The Dell.
A US court has ordered the website Gawker Media to pay more than $100,000 (Â£65,000) in damages over a sex video posted by Hulk Hogan.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood as the party's new leader.
It has been a terrible year for flying.
A painting by Pablo Picasso has become the most expensive painting ever sold at auction in New York.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence to speed up drug discovery.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final in Cardiff.
A five-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool at a hotel in Lancashire, an inquest has heard.
A Pakistani farmer has been charged with murder after a child was dragged to death by a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says the Challenge Cup is the "hardest thing to win".
A number of mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed following an outbreak of the flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by world football's governing body Fifa for information on their transfer dealings.
James Commons says he is not looking to extend his Celtic contract beyond the end of the season.
More than 562,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30mph zone in a Leicestershire village in the past year, a campaign group has claimed.
French energy firm EDF has reported a €1.5bn (£1.6bn) fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
Former world number one Ronnie O'Sullivan says he wants to move to the top level of snooker.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations.
When Steven Gerrard announced his retirement from Liverpool at the end of the season on Monday night, Liverpool's fans reacted with a mixture of anger and relief.
The Northern Ireland Justice Minister has said the government has a "responsibility" to deal with legacy investigations.
Spain is facing a crucial test in December on whether Catalonia will become an independent state.
A decision on whether to allow a developer to build on a former airfield site in Guildford is "now unlikely", a council has said.
A County Londonderry search and rescue group is to receive more than £30,000 in funding for equipment and equipment.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled in the city centre.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Fifa have refused to allow England and Scotland players to wear poppies on their armbands when they meet Serbia.
Venezuela's military says it has received a distress call from a helicopter that crashed in the country's Caracas region on Friday, killing all 13 on board.
The body of a woman who has been missing for more than a month has been found in Birkenhead, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit his first County Championship century of the season as Somerset took control against Durham at Taunton.
Newcastle United have been banned from entering the UK for six months after being caught up in a fraud investigation.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast have called on the government to support them in their fight against budget cuts.
Blackpool have signed former York City and Blackburn Rovers left-back Ryan Gormley on a two-year deal.
More than 6,000 people have signed a petition calling for a direct elected mayor for Bath & North East Somerset Council.
A body has been found in a river in Malaysia's capital, Kuala Lumpur, after police found an oil drum in the water.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and a man at a flat in west London have launched a fresh appeal for witnesses.
England women's coach Heather Powell says her side's 3-0 win over Japan in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup is "brilliant".
Thousands of people have lined the streets of Londonderry to celebrate the arrival of King William of Orange.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Castleford Tigers full-back Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US says it now estimates that the Islamic State group has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria.
A new herbal mead could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upset on a Sunday night, a Cardiff university professor has said.
The European Commission has opened a confidential dialogue with Northern Ireland over the introduction of a water charge on homes.
A memorial has been unveiled for a World War One soldier who died in Eastbourne almost 100 years ago.
A leading mental health expert has been appointed a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side AFC Wimbledon have signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder David Holland on a two-year deal.
Colombians have voted in the second round of presidential elections.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
Former world number one Mark Simpson has won his first World Squash Championship title with a 10-10 win over Egypt's Farhan El-Hussein.
Tommy Cummins scored the only goal of the game as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burning car.
Gordon Ramsay said he had no doubt that he could win The Open at Royal Birkdale.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government's plans for a new customs union with the European Union as "ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the Night Tube service will be introduced in the city.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing and staffing levels.
Sri Lanka's government has rejected calls for a UN-led investigation into alleged war crimes during the country's civil war.
Paralysed Paralympic champion Gemma Butterfield set a new European record for the first time with victory in the women's F51 European Championships.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be "no veto" over Wales' interests after the UK leaves the European Union.
Thousands of people are dying from malaria every year because of counterfeit antimalarial drugs, say US researchers.
At least nine people have died after choking on mochi rice cakes in Japan.
Teachers at a Birmingham academy are staging a second strike in a row over pay, conditions and conditions.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business dealings with foreign governments.
A police training centre for convicted criminals has been used for forced entry, it has emerged.
Two academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by the education watchdog Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her three-month-old son in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed former Leeds United midfielder Lukas Zaliukas on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The prime minister has said she will watch Doctor Who on Christmas night, if possible.
Australia has become the first country in the world to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Three teenagers are being sought by police in connection with the disappearance of an airman from Bury St Edmunds.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been sent off for an elbow in the Premier League.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng will be buried in the grounds of Romanian club Dinamo Bucharest if they win the Europa League final, the club has said.
China's state-run media are poring over the testimony of disgraced politician Bo Xilai in his corruption trial in Jinan province.
A man who has cerebral palsy has said he will not be able to take his wheelchair with him to work because it would affect his independence.
Guernsey's public relations agency spent just over £1.1m on advertising last year, according to official figures.
Sophie Bryony has won a gold medal at the Paralympics in Rio.
Former shadow home secretary Owen Smith has entered the contest to be Labour's next leader.
A retired priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils at Inverness Grammar School.
The daughter of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to open a library in Birmingham to mark the 20th anniversary of her abduction.
A top Russian prison official has been arrested over the theft of a mountain road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has unanimously approved the deployment of more than 200 police officers to Burundi in a bid to prevent further violence.
A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of his passenger by dangerous driving.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Leyton Orient beat Luton Town in the EFL Cup first round.
Great Britain's women's team pursuit gold medallist Katie Barker says she was "absolutely supported" by British Cycling during the World Championships in Hong Kong.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has agreed to fund the development of a prototype flying car.
A 90-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years is appealing against her expulsion from the country.
The prime minister has defended the government's handling of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Hull FC forward Tomickle is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire utility firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed by a telehandler.
Leyton Orient have completed the signing of Algeria Under-21 international Mohamed Bolhi on a free transfer, subject to international clearance.
A community group has called on the council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion.
Colchester United dropped out of the League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by Millwall.
Cornish City manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" in the National League.
A photographer has been fined for taking a photograph of a Ferrari parked on the Mews outside a Kensington shopping centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of motorbike drivers in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the week higher, helped by a rise in construction shares.
Women do not ask for pay rises as often as men, according to a study in Australia.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a train in Aberdeenshire.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre have made contact with more than 100 soldiers.
Mae BBC Cymru yn deall fod y digwyddiad yng Nghastell Martin yn ymwneud â ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger.
A court in Sri Lanka has sentenced a former vice-president to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
League Two side Doncaster Rovers have signed former Huddersfield Town defender Ryan Lawless on a two-year deal.
One of Wales' largest visitor centres has been told it will lose its core grant funding.
A teenage passenger has jumped through the emergency door of a plane at San Francisco Airport and landed on the wing of the aircraft.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have said they have no evidence of criminality.
Five British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria.
Motorcyclist Franck Petricola has died in a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A petition calling for all women in the reproductive age to be banned from entering Hindu temples throughout the year has been launched by more than 100 young women in India.
A woman died after eating a sorbet on a Greek holiday, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to have sex with her has been jailed for 10 years.
The number of people in work in Scotland has risen by 10,000 in the past three months, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 fans will be asking how they know the names of some of the world's most famous drivers.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali suffered a head injury in a crash on stage two of the Vuelta a Espana.
Svetlana Kontaveit and Tatjana Vondrousova both reached the semi-finals of the Marrakech Open in Morocco.
A 15-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen over the past five years, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
The first episode of Doctor Who, The Bells of Saint John, will mark the 50th anniversary of David Tennant's death, the BBC has announced.
Three rockets have hit the Israeli city of Eilat in the Red Sea, killing at least one person, Israeli officials say.
It's been more than 50 years since the first book I read was published in Australia.
For many, the Gulf War was the beginning of a new chapter in the history of the Middle East.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Belfast to protest against the violence in the city.
Wales scrum-half Jonathan Hook has joined Gloucester from Ospreys for an undisclosed fee.
Chloe Grace Moretz is no stranger to body shaming.
Plans for an incineration plant on a former coal-fired power station in Norwich have been backed by the city council.
Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married.
ITV drama Broadchurch is to end after eight years, the network has announced.
The Doonhamers were in the midst of one of the most significant events in the history of the shipping industry.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised by the Care Quality Commission has stepped down.
A new road junction has been blamed for a rise in the number of injuries caused by roadworks.
Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition politician who was assassinated last year, has published a dossier on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
It is a small prison in Dumfries.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and tobacco worth thousands of pounds have been seized in Lincoln.
Hundreds of thousands of people turned out for the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's Hogmanay street party.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in Augsburg, near the German city of Koblenz.
Scientists say they have made a significant step forward in their understanding of the evolution of a group of land-based reptiles.
The number of family doctors working in Wales has fallen for the first time in five years, figures have shown.
What should we do when things go wrong?
None of the crew on a speedboat involved in a crash in the Solent were wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
A pilot who died when his light aircraft crashed in the French Alps may have been distracted by an iPad app, an inquest has heard.
UK Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the UK has no plans to withdraw troops from Syria.
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 local authority schools in England are in the red, the government has admitted.
Hundreds of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
A Danish man has admitted killing his girlfriend on board a submarine that sank off the coast of Copenhagen.
Consumers who pay for their gas and electricity through a smart meter could face a catch-up bill of up to Â£1,000 a year, according to Citizens Advice.
The death of a boy in a Glasgow cemetery was caused by a "significant amount of vandalism", a public inquiry has heard.
For decades, the image of 007 has been synonymous with the British spy agency.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in pre-tax profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex captain Brendon McCullum has returned to the club as a coach on a two-year deal.
China's Baosteel Group, the country's biggest steelmaker, has announced plans to merge with its smaller rival in a deal that would create the world's second-largest steelmaker.
Arsene Wenger's decision to pick a different team for Saturday's FA Cup final was the right one.
In 1947, India and Pakistan became the first two countries to join the European Union.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for a commission set up to monitor paramilitary activity to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Morocco beat Egypt's Ahly of Egypt 2-1 in the first leg of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Sunday.
Ed Sheeran has announced that he will be leaving the UK at the end of this year.
The family of a boy with severe cerebral palsy who suffered brain injuries when he was seriously ill have won a £2.3m payout.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp accepted responsibility for his side's 1-0 defeat by Sevilla in the Champions League final.
Schools in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been gripped by reports of parents and relatives trying to help their children cheat.
James Pattinson took five wickets to help Australia take a 2-0 lead in the first Test against West Indies in Melbourne.
Scientists in Japan have developed a drug that purifies the body of roundworm parasites.
Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their bids for French engineering giant Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has returned to full training after being diagnosed with prostate cancer.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £35,000 in damages to a blogger who sued it for defamation.
Belfast Stakes won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Aintree.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were beaten 6-0 by the Netherlands in Berlin.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has called on fans to "get behind their players" after their 2-0 defeat by Shrewsbury.
As Italy prepare to face Republic of Ireland in the Euro 2016 finals in France, BBC News NI takes a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the country's footballing history.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a two-car crash in Powys.
Libya will not be able to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the north African country.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Great Yorkshire Run.
When Lily James first stepped on the big screen to play a zombie in Jane Austen's classic novel, she had no idea what she'd end up doing.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland squad for the European Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Mark Hughes praised his goalkeeper after his side were held to a goalless draw by Dundee.
A fire has broken out on the set of BBC One soap EastEnders after rehearsals had finished.
India's Paralympians returned home from the London 2012 Games with an overwhelming sense of pride.
A social worker who viewed "adult pornographic material" on more than 1,000 occasions has been sacked.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the first time.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Londonderry.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson will not play for the club again this weekend after being found guilty of sexual activity with a child.
A man has been jailed for three years for defrauding the UK out of more than £1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has stepped down after his name was missing from the electoral register on the day of the general election.
A woman who baked a life-size replica of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has said it was the "biggest cake she has ever made".
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after the party launched its social care campaign with the slogan "Theresa May and Co".
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£3.3m) fine over the transfer of Brazil forward Neymar to Santos in 2013.
Two leading US Democrats have called for tighter gun control laws after the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the UK are "very low", according to a report commissioned by the government.
A suspicious package has been found at the base of the Statue of Liberty in the US city of New York, officials say.
Fianna Fail's Simon Cowen has apologised for his "hoarseness" in an interview with Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Leo Varadkar.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Frank Herd and striker Chris Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham Hotspur are "a long way down the path" of agreeing to play their home games at Wembley next season, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the most popular products in the world.
UK industrial production fell by 0.4% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the killing of 10 civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
Money is a big issue for many people in the UK, but how should they spend it?
Families of the Birmingham Six who died in the Bloody Sunday pub bombings have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has declined a state funeral for former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House says.
The body of missing Inverness teenager Ben Mitchell has been found in the River Tay, police have said.
Average house prices in the UK rose by 0.8% in the year to December, according to the Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray produced a superb display to beat Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios and reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a rule change in Scottish football to make the game better.
The body of a man has been found after a fire at a house in Londonderry.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in connection with a shooting at a residential school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
The Bandstand Marathon has marked the final day of the London 2012 Festival with a performance by Coldplay.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the evolution of the comforter.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused NHS Highland of complacency over its finances.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France, killing at least one person, officials say.
The first of the Chibok schoolgirls to be rescued in north-east Nigeria has been found alive, the military says.
The Irish Football Association (UEFA) has set up a loyalty portal for Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets to the Euro 2016 qualifier.
A record 33 Scots will represent Great Britain at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
The director of human rights group Human Rights Watch has accused the Iranian authorities of "increasing levels of intimidation".
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on the UK government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied refugee children from Europe.
Mali's government has called for joint patrols to protect an endangered elephant species in northern Mali.
The Royal Welsh regiment's new colours will be presented to the Queen at Windsor Castle later this month, it has been announced.
Ukrainians have been reacting angrily to the appointment of their youngest ever deputy minster.
A former mental health trust worker has accused the Ministry of Justice of being "dangerous" over the treatment of prisoners with "unmet needs".
Stuart McGinn is relishing the chance to "recharge the batteries" of his Hibernian side.
Over the past five years, the BBC has been following a steady stream of allegations about undercover police officers.
Telefonica and Hutchison have announced they are taking legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
The governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the presidential election in Mexico, according to official projections.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard in Glasgow.
It's that time of year again when it comes to applying for university places.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday as oil prices continued to fall.
David Cameron will have to step down at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether 2013 has been a good year for Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", has been sacked.
Tesco is to sell its Fresh & Easy brand to private equity firm Yucaipa.
The new chief executive of a Cardiff health board has been named.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has collaborated with Sir Paul McCartney on her new single, Four Five Seconds.
Baltimore's police chief is to step down after more than two years in the post, the city's mayor has said.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug isotretinoin in England has doubled in the past three years, according to NHS data.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the Shining Path drug group.
Tributes have been paid to a pilot who died when his aeroplane crashed during the CarFest music festival.
The Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike, officials say.
US President Donald Trump is expected to announce his decision on whether to send more troops to Afghanistan on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound.
When Ricky Burns returned to the ring for the first time in more than two years, it was as if he had come back from the dead.
Myanmar's military says it has found evidence of widespread human rights abuses by the military against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are "at the heart of the criminal justice system", the country's most senior police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author has been surprised to receive an email saying she had won the prestigious Windham-Campbell prize.
A 102-year-old German doctor has been awarded a PhD that the Nazis stole from her because she was Jewish.
Stoke City have signed Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A 32-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The number of homes being repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, figures show.
The Conservatives have won the seat of Bridgend in Aberdeenshire.
Leicestershire County Council is facing a financial crisis, according to its deputy leader.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA).
A travel company has said it will stop offering trips to traditional zoos in the UK.
Lionel Richie has announced he will perform at the Las Vegas Motor Show next year.
Anglers should be banned from fishing at a Sussex country park after a swan was injured by a carp hook, a wildlife charity has said.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was a fantastic one.
A vigilante paedophile hunter group has been criticised by Kent Police over its "disastrous intervention" in the case.
Manager Paul Clement says Swansea City's 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth in the Premier League gives them "breathing space".
A fire at a recycling plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as suspicious.
Highland Council is seeking quotes for repair work after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae crwner yn Aberystwyth wedi cael ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind ar ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
Moeen Ali's unbeaten century helped England take control of the second Test against West Indies on day three at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch did not take steps to become fully informed about phone hacking, an inquiry by MPs has concluded.
The parents of three children who died after being diagnosed with cancer have spoken of their "horrendous" loss.
A strike by train drivers on the Southern rail network is set to continue into the new year, the RMT union has said.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in North Lanarkshire has been dismissed.
A Swedish city's decision to cut back its 40-hour working week has sparked a debate about work culture in the Nordic country.
Petrochemical firm Ineos has announced plans to close its Grangemouth plant with the loss of two jobs.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby who was diagnosed with a rare form of septicaemia want to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United and Manchester United left-back Ryan Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has unveiled a timetable to bring the plant to a "cold shutdown".
The owner of Tata's Port Talbot and Scunthorpe plants is to submit a formal bid for the assets.
The Vatican has said it is in talks with the French government over the appointment of a gay French ambassador.
Rangers beat Celtic 6-6 on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final.
A mother and her boyfriend have appeared in court charged with the murder of her toddler son.
The daughter of Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in California, has filed a lawsuit against the carmaker, US media report.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed by explosions on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a "stepping stone" in the race to develop a universal flu jab.
A review into the legacy inquests into the deaths of hundreds of people in Northern Ireland in the 1970s and 1980s has begun.
More than 100,000 people have died in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in Japan in March 2011.
David Cameron has said he is "open to different ways" of dealing with the issue of child benefit curbs in the Conservative manifesto.
The world premiere of the new Batman v Superman film has been met with mixed reviews.
Prisoners are being held in "inhumane" conditions, a prison watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump has become the first daughter of President Donald Trump to be appointed to the White House.
A village pub in Northamptonshire which was put up for sale by a group of villagers has been bought by a private company.
A coalition of civil rights groups has asked Facebook to clarify its policies on removing racist content.
What would be the best way to ease congestion on the M4 in south east Wales?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the European Road Championships in Germany.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was "very pleased" with his side's 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their 100% start to the Women's Super League One season as they came from behind to beat Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve a bill that would allow the police to use lethal force against protesters.
A campaign has been launched to stop work being carried out on a derelict apartment in the Chelsea Hotel.
If you want to know why America is so indifferent to football, look no further than New York City.
Lego, the world's biggest Lego maker, has been at the centre of a controversy in China over its controversial artwork, Ai Weiwei.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football.
A report into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is to be published later this year, the health commissioner has said.
It was a turbulent year for Northern Ireland's peace process.
Birmingham City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it wants to increase the availability of tablet computers in its schools.
Police searching for a missing woman in Denbighshire have arrested a man on suspicion of her murder.
Prisoners at a state-of-the-art prison are feeling unsafe, a report has said.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Palmyra.
A man in the US city of Phoenix has been charged with eight counts of murder after a series of shootings, police say.
Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, has told the BBC that Iran's participation in peace talks with world powers in Vienna is "a step too far".
An experimental peanut allergy therapy has been shown to treat 85 children with no reaction at all, a study suggests.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have accused each other of "let rip at each other in public".
Mead is a sweet, tangy drink that's often associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Work has begun to remove part of the Winchburgh railway tunnel as part of a major upgrade to the line.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
Police are investigating after a body was found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second election before Christmas would be a "shambles".
A seabird centre at a nature reserve in Somerset has reopened after a 10-year refurbishment.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been given a one-match touchline ban for striking Tottenham's Arter Arter in the face.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has been in turmoil for years.
A Dorset military museum is to receive £1m from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it celebrate the centenary of World War One.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele says he is "happy to be here" despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat Rangers.
A police investigation into the murder of Peter Tobin has been scaled back after 34 years.
Billy Root hit a century as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been refused entry to the United States by security staff during a school trip.
Two men have gone on trial accused of helping a British man fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Plans to introduce a single percentage of affordable housing in Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig maintained their 100% start to the Bundesliga season as they came from behind to beat Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a mountain in the Ogwen Valley.
Steven Halkett scored the only goal of the game as Rangers ended a run of three straight defeats with victory over Livingston at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated their signed shirts to a football charity in memory of a friend who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after he was attacked and robbed at knifepoint in East Kilbride.
Matt Parkin's late winner gave Cheltenham victory over Forest Green in the National League.
Anthony Watson will be available for England's Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Mignon du Preez hit a century as South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Durban.
More than 100 people have been rescued from flood water in Southend during heavy rain.
When Sian Elizabeth Seifert decided to take part in the Philippines' Miss Universe pageant in 2009, she had no idea she would become the country's first female beauty queen.
Ebbsfleet secured their first National League win of the season with a 2-2 draw at Guiseley.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said there will be no more military exercises with the US next year.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50, the Welsh Government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored his first goal of the season as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton.
A controversial suggestion to name an Antarctic research vessel that will study ice sheets and marine life has gone viral on the BBC.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London has appointed a former Metropolitan Police commissioner to review security arrangements in the capital.
A handwritten note signed by a German general declaring the end of World War Two has been sold at auction in Nottingham.
New Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed by the government to oversee the future of the BBC.
A British man who went missing in the Black Sea has been found safe and well.
Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) Lifetime Achievement Award.
A charity which provides specialist support for victims of historical child sex abuse has said it has seen a "significant gap" in the number of people seeking help.
Former Oldham striker Cristian Montano has been sacked by the club after being found guilty of match-fixing.
"I'm feeling the joints," says the vet at the centre of a clinical trial of a cloned sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the UK should hold a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union.
For more than half a century, the United States has been a global power.
Italian champions Parma have failed to make a bid for the club, according to reports in the Italian media.
Three top Haitian government officials have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of telling a woman to "go into the bushes" at a campaign rally.
Caroline Flack and Olly Murs have been announced as the new hosts of The X Factor.
The widow of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced to 50 mph.
A fire at a toy factory in Doncaster has closed the main railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster.
A British backpacker has been found dead on a train in Thailand, police say.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock fears his side are "going to limp over the line" in their Championship relegation battle.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is pleased with the fitness of defender Nasser Nasri.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol in La Liga.
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's presidential election.
Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have been protesting in the capital, Harare, against the government of President Robert Mugabe.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least 12 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain, officials say.
A man accused of selling horsemeat in processed beef products has pleaded not guilty at London Magistrates' Court.
India's biometric identity database is about to become a global first.
The UK's spy agency, GCHQ, has revealed how it gathers and analyzes internet searches on Google and other platforms.
Welshman Chris Evans secured his first win in the World Rally Championship with victory in the first round of the event in Hungary.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas of Syria in a bid to end months of fighting, state media report.
A bubble tea chain that was criticised for offering trainees at least the minimum wage has said it will change its training policy.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move to the top of the table.
A judge in Utah has declared a mistrial in the shooting death of a witness at a new courthouse.
Welsh Labour AMs have backed Yvette Cooper in the race to be the party's next leader, the party has announced.
The "divisions on a range of big questions" are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", a rights watchdog has said.
In this series of letters from the BBC News website, photographer Joseph Fox looks at the history of mudlarking.
The number of people with mental health problems in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
Liverpool City Council has voted to ban The Sun from shops across the city because of its coverage of the Hillsborough disaster.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a six-year old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol have been lifted following a review by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has told Easter worshippers that the terror attacks in Brussels were "not the end of the world".
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen.
The government has announced plans to change the way disability benefit claimants are eligible for benefits.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still expecting to be active in the transfer market this summer.
Mark Molesley's stoppage-time winner secured Portsmouth victory over Aldershot in the FA Cup second round.
A book commemorating the Dambusters' World War Two bombing raid on a dam in Germany has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The Welsh Government's efforts to eradicate bovine TB are "winning the battle", the country's chief veterinary officer has said.
A 61-year-old former News of the World editor has been arrested as part of an investigation into phone hacking, police have said.
The Church in Wales has said it is "disappointed" that Cyngor Gwynedd Council has withdrawn its support for a new community campus in Denbighshire.
Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo won the African Confederation Cup for the second time with a 2-0 victory over Bejaia of Ethiopia in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
Malian soldiers have been accused of carrying out summary executions in the west of the country, a rights group has said.
Women's Super League One side Notts County Ladies have signed England Under-20 international defender Hannah Greenwood from Liverpool Ladies.
Great Britain's men suffered a 2-1 defeat by Australia in the opening game of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thein Sein, the former prime minister of Myanmar, has pledged to return the country to democracy.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who was jailed for falsifying clinical trials is to be removed from the medical register.
James Guptill and Kane Williamson hit centuries as South Africa beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Hamilton.
A 17th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to its original condition.
Tata Steel is to mothball its steelmaking plant in Newport with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
Britain's Laura Cave has won the Women's Ironman World Championships for the first time in her career.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed striker James Guthrie following his release by Grimsby Town.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session at the Italian Grand Prix as they set the pace on the soft tyre.
Michael Evans set the fastest time of the week in the first practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans for a controversial pension scheme were never approved by BHS.
The family of a man who died during the Troubles in 1971 have said they have been unable to reburify the bullet found in his body.
West Ham remain top of the Premier League after a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace.
Former Top Gear host Philip Hammond says his Swiss Army Knee is "finished and works" after being injured in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has "no intention" of resigning over a dispute over the running of common grazings.
A man has been jailed for five years for the manslaughter of a Polish worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
The creator of Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has revealed he was told by doctors that he had Alzheimer's disease.
As many as 100,000 relatives of grandparents who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for National Insurance credits, a think tank has said.
Plans for a new theme park in Bournemouth have been given the go-ahead.
Nigeria's airlines have announced plans to stop operating in the country due to a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakia striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes and other tobacco products in public places.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of the best British managers in the Premier League, says West Brom boss Tony Pulis.
North Korea has fired another intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the Pentagon says.
Stuart Martin is confident Scotland can make the most of their Euro 2016 warm-up against France on Saturday.
Anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has won an appeal against Australia's decision to revoke his visa.
Jon Stewart, the veteran US satirist best known for his satirical show The Daily Show, has died at the age of 90.
Former Liberal Democrat and Plaid Cymru leader David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Swansea City Council.
England all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire.
The BBC Proms is to pay tribute to the late composer John Williams at a special concert in Hull later this month.
The SNP was the largest party in council elections across Scotland as a whole, according to official results.
Iraqi government forces must ensure civilians survive the battle to retake western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the UN has said.
Gusts of up to 90mph (145kmph) are expected to hit parts of Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Nanowire skins could be used to make devices that can sense and respond to high levels of pressure.
The future of four Roman Catholic schools in the Borders is being considered by the local authority.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored a hat-trick as Celtic eased to victory over Ayr United.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Pete St Aubyn's satirical novel has won the prestigious Wodehouse Prize for Fiction.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup in November, the BBC has announced.
California has declared a drought emergency for the second month in a row, with the state using more water than it used in three months in July.
A three-year-old lion that went on a three-week sheep-killing rampage in South Africa has been given a new home in a national park.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has been moved to a new location amid a row over its use as a polling place.
Higher education staff across the UK are to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese authorities have arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the Tianjin blasts, state media report.
The acidification of the oceans could have a devastating impact on marine life, according to a new report.
A teenage boy who fell off a cliff in Brighton died from a hallucinogenic drug, an inquest has heard.
US interest rates have been held at a record low of 0.25%.
Britain's Chris Froome won the 13th stage of the Tour de France in the wake of the attack in Nice.
A Glasgow bus driver who suffered a blackout after a bin lorry crash was "fit to drive", a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has lashed out at Germany, accusing it of "Nazi practices".
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Yannick Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh scrum-half Matt Fife has left the Premiership club by mutual consent.
At least 20 people have been killed in three car bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings in the UK for the next five years.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament.
An 11-year-old boy from the US has become the youngest winner of the World Spelling Championships.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
More than half of teachers in England have faced abuse online this year, a teachers' union has said.
A Canadian woman has described the moment she and her 12-year-old son fled a house fire.
Partick Thistle have made an approach to Shrewsbury Town for manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland understands.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at a race in the Isle of Man.
Russia has dismissed as " amateurish, unprofessional" claims that it was involved in the hacking of Democratic Party emails.
The board of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against the company's former chief executive, Dave Charney, accusing him of harassing female employees.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who died after being hit by a car in Paris.
A series of earthquakes has struck the north-eastern Chinese province of Gansu, with tremors felt as far away as Xian, officials say.
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win at Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rental sector, according to a new report by Shelter.
Belfast boxer Michael Taylor will make his professional debut at London's SSE Arena on Saturday, promoter Eddie Hearn has confirmed.
Cardiff is to become the first city in the world to adopt a "low tech" approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how artificial intelligence (AI) is changing the way we think about our lives.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Christian Jung won his second Grand Slam at Badminton to secure Great Britain a place at the 2016 Olympics.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary, it's time for a new generation of people to decide whether the island is a separate country or a part of China.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global public health emergency over the Zika virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a global anti-corruption summit, which he says will "push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda".
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over 10-man St Johnstone.
New mothers in England are more likely to breastfeed than in any other part of the UK, new figures show.
War and Peace has been picked up by the BBC as the most watched TV programme of the year.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying campaign will not change in the summer, says defender Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand has been found safe and well, police say.
The Western Sahara is a region of the Sahara Desert in north-west Africa.
Olympic silver medallist Paul Donnelly has reached the quarter-finals of the men's bantamweight competition at the Rio Games.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has rejected calls from three northern Italian regions to take in more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Aleksandar Andreyev, has said he is "not retracting" comments he made about Poland's role in World War Two.
The publisher of satirical French magazine Charlie Hebdo has released a new book in the wake of the shooting of its cartoonist Charlie Charb.
Flood sirens have been sounded for the first time during a live training exercise in the Calderdale valley.
A crane ship has been used to lift a huge piece of concrete off the coast of Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in Bradford.
More than 3,500 photographs of Glasgow's high rises are to be digitised as part of a project to preserve the city's heritage.
Olympic judo star Stephanie MacLeod has said she is "fully able to communicate" after being flown back to Scotland from Vietnam.
The UK's Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see" how a separate immigration policy for Scotland would work.
The CIA has released code used to hide the origins of malware used by the organisation, according to the Wikileaks website.
Leaves of the Quran have gone on display at Leeds City Museum for the first time.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half strike earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Masters with a straight-set win over Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas.
A councillor in the Isle of Lewis has called for "serious consideration" to the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to carry out repairs on the oil rig.
Craig Gordon says he was happy with the way he performed on his return to Celtic's starting line-up.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed 10-man North Ferriby in the National League.
Dozens of people have been killed in a landslide in Colombia's north-western province of Medellin, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Ben Ormsby on a two-year deal.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
A boring machine has reached the end of one of the UK's longest railway tunnels for the first time.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Jared Payne has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations game against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
A British man who carried out a bomb attack in Iraq last week has been named by Islamic State as a former Guantanamo Bay detainee.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Jan Vertonghen will be fit for Saturday's Premier League match at Chelsea.
Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" ahead for Northern Ireland after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive, sources have told the BBC.
Sin City is known as the world's most beautiful city.
England suffered a crushing defeat by Pakistan in the first Test in Abu Dhabi to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
China won their first gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, are to begin a tour of Australia later this month.
More than 200 beaches in England do not have lifeguards on duty, according to new research.
Broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 72, her family has announced.
It's almost time for the UK's first children's laureate to be announced.
Former Aston Villa defender Tom Savage believes Steve Bruce will be a good choice as the new manager of Birmingham City.
Children as young as 10 are being used as shields by nationalist rioters, the PSNI has said.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a Tube station has been taken to hospital.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City defender Jack Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian moved up to second place in the Championship with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has said it is in talks with workers in France over the possible redundancy of its direct selling representatives.
Formula 1's new generation of cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
A collection of ceramic poppies which raised more than £9m for war charities are to go on display at two museums in England.
When Sir Jeffery Amherst was appointed governor of the British colony of Guernsey in 1760, he was widely regarded as one of the most important figures in British colonial history.
Kenya's Olympic 800m champion Rebecca Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test.
Plans to expand a wind farm in South Yorkshire have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A US judge has increased the amount of damages Apple has received from a university over a patent infringement case.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Germany at the Stade de France in Paris.
Alfred Harsent has been shortlisted for the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in Sheffield.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a customer was poisoned with a liquid nitrogen shot.
A 35-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in the undergrowth of the Irish city of Dublin.
The health and social care services for older people in the Western Isles have been rated inadequate by inspectors.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer in a "horrendous attack".
The Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) by Zambia in the second qualifying round after a 2-1 aggregate defeat.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers hailed Ollie Ntcham's fitness after the midfielder played 65 minutes in his side's friendly win over Lyon.
Plans have been unveiled for a new bridge on the A9 between Inverness and Perth.
The Force is what gives a particle physicist his powers, Tatooine has claimed.
UKIP is "very confident" of breaking through in the assembly election, the party's leader in Wales has said.
A Polish deli in Peterborough has been hit by hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A man who sexually abused a child in Pembrokeshire more than 30 years ago has been jailed.
The parents of a 15-year-old Mexican girl who was invited to her 15th birthday party have said they will not turn anyone away.
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in her bedroom has been launched.
More than 100 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, amid sexual assault allegations.
A suspected unexploded World War Two bomb has been found off the coast of Gwynedd, police have said.
The rate of carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere was much slower than it is today, according to a new study.
A group of young people take to the streets of Kirkcaldy in the early hours of the morning.
St Helens moved to within three points of Super League leaders Wakefield with victory over Catalans Dragons.
Residents of a Denbighshire village devastated by flooding three years ago have said they feel safer.
BT is to roll out fibre broadband to more than 1,000 homes across the UK by the end of 2020.
Labour has said it will introduce fines of up to 100% of the value of a tax avoidance scheme if it wins the general election.
A leading medical expert has called for a ban on the use of scrums in rugby matches to protect children from serious injuries.
Hurst Castle on the Isle of Wight is to be restored as part of a £1m conservation project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has said an expert will examine the process by which a review of mesh implants was carried out.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from nests in a harbour, prompting a police investigation.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years, according to new figures.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for a controversial dog festival to be banned.
China's Zhang Long won Olympic gold in the men's -75kg weightlifting with a record-breaking performance in Rio.
Manchester United have signed midfielder Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
Virtual reality (VR) is the future of the entertainment industry, and it's going to take a long time to get there.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second World Cup gold medal of the season in Slovenia.
A Dundee man who repeatedly shouted "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" to members of a mosque has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Four men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a factory.
A delivery driver has been hit in the face with a golf club during an "unprovoked" robbery.
Devolution in Wales has not gone as far as it should, according to the former head of the Church in Wales.
More than 40,000 hectares of woodland in Wales need to be re-planted to meet the needs of the timber industry, according to industry body Confor.
Two rare European eels have been found on a riverbed in Norfolk, the Environment Agency has said.
A court in the Indian city of Mumbai has charged Bollywood star Salman Khan with causing the death of a policeman by careless driving.
At the funeral of Eddie Hutch in Londonderry in October 2015, a man was shot dead in the reception area of the city's Royal Victoria Hospital.
Glasgow Wheelers have announced plans for a sportive to celebrate the achievements of British cyclist Robert Millar.
Immigrants should be able to learn Welsh if living and working in Wales as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the US for brain-tracking technology has doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
A hospital has apologised after a patient's bung fell out during a routine surgery.
Hungary's prime minister has accused European leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" over the migrant crisis.
Melania Trump's decision to move her son into the White House during the school year has been met with mixed reactions on social media.
A Labour AM has called on the chair of a Welsh government committee to investigate claims Labour incompetence is endangering devolution.
A firefighter has been sacked for failing to respond to two 999 calls within 24 hours of a woman dying in a house fire.
A Gloucestershire school which offered single sex teaching has announced it is to close.
Paintings by the Welsh artist Tryweryn Williams are to go on show in Cardiff.
Bitfinex, one of the world's biggest bitcoin exchanges, says it is investigating claims that the virtual currency's core protocol was hacked.
Nick Gregory has been keeping his eyes glued to the television as he prepares to make his Masters debut.
An 18-year-old French woman who filmed herself taking her own life on the social media app Periscope has died.
A woman who stabbed her mother to death in her own home has pleaded guilty to diminished responsibility.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the value of the US dollar rose.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsene Wenger's first game in charge of Arsenal ended in a crushing defeat as Manchester United thrashed the Gunners at Old Trafford.
A group of tourists have escaped injury after a lava flow burst into snow on the Italian mountain of Etna.
David Cameron is "greatly dismayed" by the result of the Holyrood election, a former SNP leader has told the BBC.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland is a "quality guy" and a "very good coach", according to former Wales fly-half Tom Brooke.
Benfica thrashed Vitória Guimarães to win the Portuguese league for the first time in their history.
When Patrick Smith retired from athletics at the age of 35, he had no idea he would go on to become a Paralympian.
Down secured their first win of the season with a 1-13 to 0-14 victory over Meath in Division Two of the All-Ireland Football League.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died after a long illness.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been given a two-month touchline ban by the Football Association for betting offences.
In the middle of the terraces of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, the noise is deafening.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to earn money from online activities and renting out properties, according to a new report.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe being gay is a sin.
Construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they want "substantial changes" to the government's draft budget.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Celebrity entertainer Gary Barlow has performed a surprise concert in Oxford.
Five people have been injured in a fire in a block of flats in East Lothian.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial proposal to ban abortion in cases of rape or incest.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden safe deposit raid in which jewellery worth Â£10m was stolen.
Wales maintained their 100% start to the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Jamaica's Justin Gatlin won the T44 100m at the European Indoor Championships in a time of 9.99 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers the significance of beating the United States at the 2014 World Cup.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations were ended by a 1-1 draw with Ecuador in Jeonju.
A 19-year-old man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The French parliament has condemned the appointment of former European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso as an adviser to Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of this season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard will miss the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
The number of people in work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, new figures show.
The directors of the US cinema chain Redstone Pictures have been removed from their post, according to the company's founder, Robert Redstone.
Scotland women's players have refused to take part in a media briefing following a dispute with the Scottish Football Association.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso with arms, legs and head cut off.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover ended Forest Green Rovers' 100% start to the National League season with a thumping win.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering her ex-partner in a row over missing £10,000.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has carried out a series of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years.
Dan Biggar and Keelan Giles will start for Ospreys in their European Challenge Cup match against Grenoble on Saturday, 17 December.
A Gloucestershire school has introduced a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Marc Sharvin shot a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Australian Open.
A red letterbox 'pin' has appeared on a road in Berkshire, prompting a social media appeal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether African filmmakers are free to tell their own stories.
A potted site in Slievenacloy, County Londonderry, has been described as one of the most important archaeological finds in Northern Ireland.
A woman has died after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A90 in County Londonderry.
A number of flights have been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland due to severe weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the mixed doubles at the British Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has said he would not talk to the prime minister unless his constituency happens to be in Wales.
If you've ever wondered what it's like to be a Star Wars fan, then you've probably heard of Craig Stevens.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland on Saturday will be the toughest of his career.
The US justice department is changing its policy on the recording of interviews with suspects, officials say.
An independent review is to be carried out into the impact of the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
An ancient manuscript of the New Testament has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign was launched.
Ukraine's interim government has promised to bring all those involved in the illegal referendum in Crimea to justice.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the disqualification of former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidency, his lawyer has said.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson has been suspended from all football-related activity by the club.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Ryan Preston on a two-year deal following his release by Bournemouth.
A teaching assistant has told a court he told his girlfriend he was "too young" to have a child after she gave birth to a stillborn baby.
Watford manager Bob Taylor was one of the greatest managers of all time.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key US jobs figures later in the week.
Police in England and Wales have been given new guidance on domestic abuse.
The Liberal Democrats will offer carers in Wales a bonus to help ease the pressure they are under, leader Nick Clegg has said.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary leader, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton.
If you're a fan of a pop star, you might think it would be a good idea to introduce them to their fans.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are to hold talks in Berlin later on how to deal with the migrant crisis at the port of Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Katie Brace has signed a professional contract with WBC.
Poet Dylan Thomas's handwritten notebooks are to go on public display for the first time in the UK.
A stage musical based on the novel Adrian Mole, written by Sue Townsend, has opened in Leicester.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A4232 in Cardiff.
Former Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish Premiership club by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended over comments she made about Adolf Hitler and Iran.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has postponed the start of high-level talks on his country's bailout, the European Commission has said.
Police in Chad say they have arrested eight men in connection with the rape of a young woman in the capital, Chad.
Plans for a new social housing development on a derelict former railway station site have been recommended for approval.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix special about the comedian who has been accused of sexual assault has been cancelled.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's most popular TV presenters.
A couple who were robbed of their cycling medal and jewellery 10 years ago have been reunited with them 10 years after they were stolen.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has announced plans to end the tax exemption on sporting estates and increase community ownership rates.
Nour Aboumerhi fled the so-called Islamic State (IS) stronghold of Raqqa in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Whitehawk striker Ben Mills on a free transfer.
Hamburg is set to become the first German city to offer compensation to property owners who refuse to hand over their empty homes to asylum seekers.
Warwickshire pair Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new two-year contracts with the county.
A chatbot that can help people pay parking fines has been launched in the UK.
Former Home Secretary David Waddington has died at the age of 87.
A traffic management system has been introduced at Cardiff's emergency unit in a bid to ease traffic congestion which led to patients being late for appointments.
The BBC has refutes claims it filmed a scene in which a baby iguana was chased by snakes during a nature documentary.
A group set up in memory of Cumbrian explorer John Wainwright has been chosen to help repair falls in the Lake District.
League One promotion hopefuls Millwall secured their first win of the season with a 2-1 victory at Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of GoPro action cams, has announced that it is cutting 1,000 jobs.
Ian Brady, one of the most notorious paedophiles in British history, is still suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS) have ordered an investigation into the response to a 72-year-old man's death at a sheltered housing complex.
The UK's Nerc Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling has published its forecast for Arctic sea-ice cover for 2016.
Liberia thrashed Algeria's Kabylie 1-0 in the first leg of their Confederation Cup quarter-final in Monrovia.
Norbrook, the County Down-based construction firm, has appointed David Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a superb first half display to inflict a first Premier League defeat of the season on Chelsea.
A group of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers trio Jack Kirby, Jack Gumbs and Ryan Duggan have all signed new deals with the Championship club.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked twice in Belfast city centre.
Abercrombie has been criticised for a "inappropriate" tweet about the LGBTQ community.
A couple have been told they will not be able to pay for their funerals after a funeral company went bust.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, hours after he was due to be released.
Scientists have developed a treatment to reduce the risk of brain injuries in high-impact sports.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Joe Federici on a two-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bombing after a retrial, the High Court has ruled.
The former president of the Royal Society of British Scientists has warned that Brexit could lead to a "brain drain".
More than half a tonne of toxic chemicals could have been inhaled by the Scottish population if smoking had not been banned, according to new research.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with a 5-0 win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is "happy" with his side after they came from 16-9 down to beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
Police in Glasgow are considering installing CCTV cameras in the area of the city's Necropolis to deter anti-social behaviour.
The UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, Home Secretary David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK political parties of "swinging cuts" to the Welsh economy if there is a hung parliament.
Kent Football Club has reported a loss for the financial year to the end of December.
Syrian government forces say they are close to capturing the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS).
The UK has become the first country in the world to send 66 students to the United States.
A schoolgirl has won a prize for her short story about a chimpanzee.
A Russian official has been arrested in Mongolia on suspicion of attacking a Soviet-era rapper who was performing in the country on Saturday.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a pothole in Rochdale have launched a legal challenge against the council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week.
Spain have qualified for the Rio Olympics for the first time with victory over Australia in the men's fly-half.
The remains of a World War Two fighter plane which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 40 years ago have been found.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first film in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Goals from Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves helped Juventus to a comfortable win over Porto in the Champions League.
Wales lock Luke Ball says he is "excited" to return to the starting line-up for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfund campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man by forcing his way into his home.
Frankie Raymond's late winner earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
Dozens of England fans have been injured in clashes at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, French police say.
Iraqi security forces have broken a two-month-old siege of the town of Amerli, officials say.
Cryptocurrency investors should be allowed to invest in virtual currencies, according to a US regulator.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party's pledge to scrap tuition fee subsidies.
France's Sophie Bankier made it 10 National titles in a row with victory in the women's doubles at the Badminton Scottish Championships in Glasgow.
Emmanuel Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria 2-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
The world premiere of Call of Duty: Black Ops III has sparked controversy on social media.
Researchers at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed resistant Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is one of the most corrupt countries in the world.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour when he delivered the Budget.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.
Matt Martin has withdrawn from next month's North West 200 at Cadwell after the team withdrew him from the event.
Venezuela's National Guard says it has lifted a curfew imposed in the southern city of San Cristobal.
More than 90% of social housing tenants in Scotland want to see the right to buy end, according to a survey.
A new £1m centre has opened in Liverpool to celebrate the city's architectural past, present and future.
A man has discovered that the loch at the centre of the Loch Ness Monster mystery is deeper than previously thought.
Plans for a new education campus in East Ayrshire have been given the go-ahead by the council.
The parents of a British aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have said they want to review the work now supported by her charity.
A court in Hong Kong has sentenced two men to six months in jail for assaulting police during pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a car crash on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his family has said.
Gerry Rafferty, one of Northern Ireland's best-known songwriters, has died at the age of 70.
The first flight of Concorde has taken place in Bristol.
Plastic bag charges in England have led to the loss of more than 100 jobs, a packaging firm has said.
Two gay women have been separated from their families in Indonesia's Aceh province after they were reported to the local Sharia police.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has lost its bid to prosecute six men over a multi-million pound fraud case.
Michael McKinstry's career in football has been a rollercoaster ride.
Scottish hockey forward Adam Forsyth says hosting the European Under-21 Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in the country.
Two brothers who lost a long-running legal battle with property developers have offered to settle their debts.
UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed Ivory Coast striker Ali Makris on a three-year deal.
Veteran US actor John Wallach, best known for his roles in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died at the age of 93.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open preparations on Monday.
Israel's anti-terror agency has issued a warning to Israelis travelling to India after a bomb attack in the city of Goa on New Year's Eve.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since the EU referendum, according to a new survey.
A bomb has exploded at the citadel of Aleppo in northern Syria, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more, activists say.
Tropical forests in Africa may be more resilient to future climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who went missing in Cambridgeshire last month.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Hannah Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's convicted money launderer James Ibori has been awarded £4,000 in damages by a High Court judge.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after receiving a spoof email claiming to be from the Scottish FA.
Welsh walker Jade Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as some of the biggest names in athletics at the World Championships in London next month.
Former Wisden captain and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 90.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has pleaded not guilty to encouraging him to do so.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says the decision to drop Alun Wyn Jones from the British and Irish Lions is the "best thing" for him.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year-old man was shot dead in Birmingham.
Pakistan has asked the chief of army staff to spare the life of a former Indian navy officer detained in 2016.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News NI looks at the gender pay gap in the skilled trades.
A pilot scheme to police illegal parking outside primary schools was halted after a lone parent enforced the rules, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after a run of three straight defeats in League One.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the death of a 12-year-old boy in a hit-and-run.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-2 to reach the French Open second round.
A left-wing group has accused Labour of "abandoning its values" after a surge in support for Jeremy Corbyn.
Thousands of people in central Chile have fled their homes after a powerful earthquake hit the region.
When Coventry City announced they were moving from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena in 2005, it was the club's greatest moment.
League One side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bournemouth striker Sam Bergsoy until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Country Music Festival.
When it comes to money, it's easy to see why.
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast.
Papers are praising India's efforts to improve ties with Bhutan amid rising tensions on the disputed border with China.
Celtic Ladies have signed Sunderland Ladies midfielder Hannah Staniforth and Queens Park Rangers defender Kadeena Sjoman.
In the dimly lit courtyard of the Qatari-owned Qatari complex in Gaza City, a group of construction workers is working on a new building.
The number of CrossCountry services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will not be affected, the rail operator has said.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to "de-escalate tensions" over disputed waters in the South China Sea.
More than 100 of the world's most senior cardinals have arrived in Rome for the first pre-conclave of the Catholic Church.
In the kitchen of a family home in the Russian capital Moscow, Elena and her husband, Vladimir, are struggling to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said China's currency needs to appreciate further in an effort to rein in the country's undervalued economy.
Three teenagers have been rescued after their boat capsized in the River Clyde.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom is considering splitting off the company that runs the UK's broadband network, Openreach.
A court in Niger has opened a criminal investigation into alleged corruption in the uranium industry.
The Western Cape province of South Africa has been hit by the worst winter storm in 30 years.
A freight train has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, leaving seven people dead and more than 100 injured.
Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown says she will not compete at this summer's Rio Paralympics.
A rugby player was killed when his car crashed into a roundabout as he tried to overtake a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
Police in Australia have arrested a man after he drove a bulldozer into a house, crushing three cars and knocking down a house.
Nico Rosberg led Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues moved into second place in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Pau.
A legal challenge has been launched against a crematorium which failed to return the ashes of more than 1,000 babies to their families.
Here is the full text of the letter sent by the European Union President Donald Tusk to the UK Prime Minister Theresa May.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the biggest employers in Northern Ireland.
French customs officials have blocked an attempt to export a 17th Century painting from Spain to Switzerland.
MPs have called for a review of the contents of a package sent to Sir Bradley Wiggins' Team Sky doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric and wholly unjustified" attack.
What can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the EU referendum?
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott says the club's Grand Final win was a fitting way to end their careers.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Talks aimed at resolving the junior doctors' dispute in England have been extended.
Afghanistan and Pakistan have signed a hotline to discuss the security situation in the country.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by seven runs in the One-Day Cup final to reach the semi-finals.
Barca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Levante.
There is no record of any damage or abnormality in the train that derailed in southern Spain, the transport regulator Renfe has said.
The funeral of a teenager who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a century as Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Nikos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen sharply following comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues.
A sinkhole has opened up in the road that links two quarries, the National Grid has said.
When Jolyon Lauda won the 1976 Formula 1 World Championship at Brands Hatch, it marked the beginning of what would become one of the most dramatic moments in the sport's history.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Kenny Schalk's late goal gave Ross County victory over Hibernian in the Scottish League Cup final.
Two dogs have been taken ill after being walked near a cricket pitch in Essex.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says the reaction to his side's Six Nations win over France is " baffling".
Mae dyn wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Lerpwl.
Scientists have created fingerprint structures that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
A number of prescription drugs including benzodiazepines have been stolen during a burglary at a pharmacy in Londonderry.
It was an incredible day for England in the second Test against South Africa at The Oval.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the response to her victory at the European Championships in London.
In the foothills of the Poconos mountains in the US state of Pennsylvania, you might not expect to find a large, rustic retreat.
A court in India has ordered the arrest of two men accused of killing a teenager on a beach nine years ago.
If you wanted to know what's going on at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate.
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a County Londonderry teacher who died in a fall in China have paid tribute to him.
A 17-year-old artist is exhibiting his work from a boat for the first time.
Fernando Lopez kicked a last-gasp try as Scotland came from behind to beat France in the Six Nations opener in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
Michelin's decision to close its Ballymena factory is "too little and too late", a union leader has said.
The world's most generous donors should give more money to the Syrian civil war, charity Oxfam has said.
The Revenant has been named best film at this year's Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles.
Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
A dog has become one of the most travelled on EasyJet flights in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
As the UK leaves the European Union, BBC Reality Check takes a look at some of the key questions people have been asking about the process of leaving.
Staff at Swansea University's School of Management have claimed they were subjected to a "culture of suspicion" at the university.
Wasps flanker N Hughes has been included in England's pre-season training camp ahead of the autumn Tests.
Derbyshire have signed pace bowler Liam Cotton and fast bowler Adam Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK to remember the South African woman who was shot dead in 2015.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in the Republic of Ireland for an undisclosed sum.
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders has agreed to repay more than £700,000 to customers who may have suffered from debt collection problems.
Singer Joan Collins has said she is "doing well" after suffering a traumatic brain injury three years ago.
Motorists in Edinburgh will soon be able to drive at up to 40mph as part of a major road safety project.
More than 600,000 people missed hospital appointments in Scotland in the last five years, according to new figures.
The chief executive of Royal Mail has been named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months time, it has been claimed.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£55m) to settle claims that refugees and asylum seekers were unlawfully detained in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a victim of sexual abuse by a former teacher.
Plans have been unveiled to demolish one of the world's tallest buildings in Southampton to make way for a multi-million pound development.
Billy Taylor says he has learned to deal with the head injuries he suffered in his WBA super-lightweight title defence against Martin Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has loosened the rules on abortion in the Catholic Church, allowing priests to forgive those who seek forgiveness.
A Nepalese police inquiry has been launched into a couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest.
Premier League leaders Manchester City were held to a draw by Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An 81-year-old woman has been killed in a house fire in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the fourth quarter of the year.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" to be in contention to win the world championship for the first time since 2010.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's response to the Syrian refugee crisis.
Plans have been submitted for a new specialist cancer unit at the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Gwynedd.
Brighton moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A number of emergency operations have been cancelled at A&E departments across north Wales due to "unprecedented demand".
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.6bn) to settle allegations that some of its dealers rigged Libor lending rates.
Two young Irish rugby players have been able to play without goggles for the first time.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra manager Kevin Davis says the club's young players have signed first-year scholar contracts.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the Premiership final for the first time in their history.
NHS staff in England are being asked to verify they are not robots by Google, it has emerged.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "devastated" by the amount of rubbish police have combed through in the search for his son.
The cost of a free childcare policy for all parents in Wales could rise by up to £200m, an economist has warned.
Carpool Karaoke star James Corden has appeared alongside First Lady Michelle Obama in a new clip.
A museum celebrating the 150th anniversary of Pride and Prejudice has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Wigan Warriors head coach Steve Smith says his side will take confidence from their dramatic Super League win over Warrington Wolves.
England's Chris Woakes, James Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers of the Year 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested following the death of a 33-year-old woman who was hit by a car in Bangor.
New Zealand international Ryan Draper scored a hat-trick as Newport County beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic in the Scottish Cup first round.
The Welsh Government will cut every pound, shilling and pence it spends in the first year following Brexit, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of indecency with children.
Some of Scotland's leading public figures are to be recognised in the New Year Honours list.
The number of nursing homes and adult social care homes in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, the Care Quality Commission has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to drink-driving charges after a doctor found her intestines ferment alcohol.
Scientists say they have identified a gene that may have helped humans to grow larger brains.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee.
An NHS trust has removed a pizza shop from its list of approved suppliers after the phrase "mental ill health" was found on delivery instructions.
A further £4.2m is to be spent on repairing the damage caused by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five women have been shortlisted for the 2015 BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super 8s with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
US rock band U2 have played their first concert in Dublin since 1987, with frontman Bono calling it "one of those epic nights of rock 'n' roll".
Wales opened their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested 13 people over a video featuring US singer Michelle Williams singing "Happy we are from Tehran".
A woman whose remains were found under rubble in a garden was murdered by her ex-husband, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take urgent action to tackle air pollution in the UK by the High Court.
The BBC's Proms is celebrating its 20th anniversary, with the first performance of the year by a female conductor.
An Afghan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for raping and murdering his four-year-old daughter.
A pilot who caused an RAF jet to nosedive over the Black Sea has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence.
The Telegram messaging app has become a key platform for the so-called Islamic State (IS) to disseminate its propaganda.
Iraq's parliament has approved a sweeping reform package aimed at reforming the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations play-off in Dar es Salaam.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in the women's 4x400m freestyle relay as Great Britain finished third in Rio.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in central London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City striker Ben Davies says the club's summer signings were "last minute".
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted overwhelmingly in favour of allowing abortions.
Munster have been cleared of breaching concussion management rules following an incident involving scrum-half Conor Murray in the Pro12 win over Exeter Chiefs.
Iraqi security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad.
A woman who has cerebral palsy and learning disabilities is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
Plans to restore a Grade I listed stately home have been announced by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the Criterium du Dauphine to 13 seconds with victory in the second stage.
Firefighters have tackled a major blaze at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Four men from the North East have been arrested in Italy as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police have said.
Jordan is one of the Middle East's most northerly states, with a population of more than 1.5 million people.
Rebel-held parts of eastern Ukraine have been ordered to leave by the Ukrainian government, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will play in the Champions Trophy for the first time in 20 years in May, the country's governing body has said.
Plans to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of the UK could be "highly effective" and potentially cheaper than conventional flood defences, Lord Rooker has said.
An Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has shelved plans to open a lounge selling marijuana because of concerns about its stockpile.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the Tees Valley.
A Russian prosecutor has said a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II has been found to contain holy secretion.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice.
If you want to know what it was like to be a tech entrepreneur in the 1970s and 80s, there is no better place to start than Silicon Valley.
A railway station that was once regarded as one of the most beautiful railway stations in the country is to go on display for the first time.
Mainland Chinese shares fell on Monday after a closely watched survey showed that factory activity shrank for the second month in a row in October.
Three Met Police officers were injured when a gang of masked men tried to break into a jewellers in central London.
Leverkusen boss Christian Schmidt has been banned from all football-related activity after being sent off in the German Cup second-round defeat by Hoffenheim.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party has been knocked out of the running for the presidency of the European Parliament in the run-off vote.
The Scottish Green Party has gained two seats in Orkney in the local elections.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with three cars in Edinburgh.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Brexit on Scotland.
A County Londonderry man has said he is "devastated" after a postcard he sent 29 years ago was found in a sorting machine.
The Duke of Rothesay has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Kangaroos prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has announced a $1.3bn (£1.6bn) deal to buy a US rival for a range of eczema treatments.
A Canadian hostage who was held hostage in the Philippines for six months has been killed, officials say.
Madonna has released a new music video for her upcoming album.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a philanderer.
Cornwall has voted to stay in the European Union with an extra £1bn of funding coming into the county.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint at his home in South Lanarkshire.
It's been a good night for the Scottish Conservatives.
Juan Figueiredo fought back from 5-4 down to beat Ding Junhui 6-4 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to help victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Warsaw Open with a 6-4 6-2 win over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the start of the Battle of the English Channel.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned to Saturn.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across the Isle of Wight.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to an academy.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed midfielder Ryan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
It has been a fantastic season for both Chelsea and Manchester United and I have no doubt they will win the Premier League next season.
Irish students Niccolai Donohoe, Eoghan Schuster and Michael Culligan have died in a balcony collapse in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because some of the questions were leaked online.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he is interested in bringing back the party's historic Clause IV.
Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are seeing the "old Swansea" again.
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" over their handling of child sex abuse allegations, a watchdog has said.
Britain's Paul Smith suffered a third successive defeat as he lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Alexander Zeuge in the final round.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to star in a new film about the Great Train Robbery.
The US has said it will drop charges against its consul in India, Kailash Khobragade, who was arrested last week on charges of fraud.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been named as a finalist for the Martin Ennals Award.
Politicians in the north-east of England are calling on the government to invest more money in regional transport, following the Brexit vote.
Britain's Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Czech Lukas Rosol.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A 15-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
A French secularist has called for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals in a bid to unite the country's religious and secular communities.
Mayo's All-Ireland title hopes were dealt a major blow as they were beaten 0-19 to 1-13 by Dublin in the final of the All-Irelands at Croke Park.
More than 100 Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Belarus has banned a Russian official from the Rio Paralympics after he carried a Russian flag during the opening ceremony.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a 14-year-old boy by dangerous driving after he was knocked down by a tractor.
Former road race champion David Miller is to return to the British Cycling squad after serving a two-year doping ban.
Residents have said they are "very angry" about a fire which has destroyed their homes and caused thousands of pounds of damage.
Eight men have been arrested in London and Stoke-on-Trent on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A long-running debate over a new way to transmit data across the electromagnetic spectrum has come under renewed scrutiny.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, who died after giving birth to a baby boy, has highlighted the need for more support for mothers and babies in England and Wales.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit by a huge increase in business rates.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Kieran Stephens has been banned for the rest of the season after being sent off in the FA Cup semi-final.
France's centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is due to address supporters in Paris on Monday.
More than half of UK workers are worried about their workload when they are ill, a survey suggests.
Residents at a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding was found on the building.
An Indian doctor has been arrested in Australia on suspicion of defrauding authorities out of more than A$30,000 (Â£18,600) by posing as an Indian doctor.
US President Barack Obama has said it is "hard to envision how" a Palestinian state would occur while he was prime minister, after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it would not occur.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl at a care home.
The government has announced plans to throw Â£5m at groups prepared to join it in the fight against extremism.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Alderdice has called on Prime Minister Theresa May to consider the issue of the Irish border as if she was still home secretary.
Universities in England are to be forced to offer better contracts for their students, Finance Secretary Boris Johnson is to say.
A Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton unearthed in Mongolia has been sold for more than $1m (Â£800,000) at an auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman produced a stunning last-minute save to rescue a point against Blackpool.
The number of people being referred for mental health treatment in Wales has more than doubled in six years, figures have shown.
A life-saving defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Greater Manchester has led to a drop in the number of accidents, a report has found.
St Johnstone have extended the loan spell of midfielder James Craig until the end of the season.
Labour can beat the Tories by itself, Welsh MP Jo Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound's ear was found dumped behind a water tank in Lancashire.
A German court has opened the trial of a far-right activist accused of involvement in a series of mass killings in East Germany.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Univision will not air the Miss Universe pageant in the United States.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for remarks he made during his Golden Globe acceptance speech at the ceremony.
A £100m shopping and leisure complex in Newport is to open with the opening of a Debenhams store.
The head of India's central bank has warned that the country may not have the tools to tackle its economic problems.
The three main political parties in the UK say they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion in the next Parliament.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's devastating earthquake in central Italy.
A service to mark the 50th anniversary of the Shoreham air disaster is to be held in West Sussex.
Devon and Cornwall's police and crime commissioner has expressed concern over plans to move his office from Exeter to Exeter.
The Australian government has announced a $1.3bn (Â£1.2bn) loan package to help drought-stricken farmers.
A grand jury in the US state of South Carolina has found Sandra Bland not guilty of murder.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Mark Ding reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time in his career with a 4-3 win over Thailand's Anjem Ching.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Hans Benkenstein says the club's batsman Chris Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a knee injury.
The partner of a man allegedly killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine.
Mae penodiad yn Sir Gâr wedi ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf.
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has left the League One club by mutual consent after the club's relegation from the National League.
The world's biggest cocoa producer, Cadbury, has announced plans to ditch its Fairtrade certification system.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the US National Critics Book Prize for Fiction.
A Dundee Rangers fan has been banned from attending future football matches after he hit a Rangers fan in the face during a match.
The US has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in Los Angeles, amid heightened security concerns over the threat of a terrorist attack.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he was taken to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest, according to his consultant Dr David Tobin.
A 47-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first pre-season test at the Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped a list of the world's most influential art dealers.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a video emerged showing men kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
"Growing up in the 1970s and '80s, vegetable oil was not something you would find anywhere else in the world," says Prof David Benton.
Worcestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a six-wicket win over Kent at Edgbaston.
North Korea says it has successfully tested a submarine-launched ballistic missile for the first time, state media report.
The number of people being contacted about their pension savings has doubled in the last two years, according to industry body Which? Money.
A barrister is challenging a decision not to refer two brothers to the Crown Court for breaching their assisting offender agreements.
Young people are being warned not to buy cosmetic contact lenses because they could cause eye disease.
A worker at a Byron restaurant in south London has described how immigration officials arrested him and deported him.
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town defender Jack Cole for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Game of Thrones star Arya Christie is to star in the next series of Top of the Lake.
Irish financial technology firm First Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the financial year to the end of March.
A man who carried out a series of break-ins in Manchester has been banned from entering alleyways.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has told the BBC that a UK exit from the European Union would have a "direct and significant impact" on Ireland.
The Home Office is to carry out a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland.
Lazio have been given a two-match supporters' ban by European football's governing body Uefa.
A judge in San Bernardino, California, has thrown out a request by Apple to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after clashes broke out outside the venue.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb says he is "back up and running" as he continues his pre-season preparations.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A locomotive which transported Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral in Oxfordshire has been restored to its former glory.
Hundreds of nude models are to go on display in Hull for the first time in the city's history.
Historic recordings made by Oliver Cromwell and Minnie Wall have been restored at the Museum of London.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making a "false statement" about Nigel Farage on its satire show Have I Got News for You.
Researchers in Italy have developed a robotic tentacle that can carry out "invasive" surgery.
One of the UK's most famous locomotives has made its first journey across the moors.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games.
Three radio stations in west Wales are to be moved to a new studios, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies based in the Falkland Islands.
One of the world's most famous aircraft - the F-35 Lightning II - has returned to the skies above Stockport.
The UK is likely to have to pay up to £500m in the event of Brexit, according to a report by the European Commission.
An app that allows people to identify themselves has been launched in the US.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat world number one Rory McIlroy by one shot to win the Shanghai Masters.
A search is under way for a kayaker believed to be missing off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has unveiled a range of new features to its Messenger messaging app.
It's that time of year again when the leaders of the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time.
The US is sending up to 100 special forces troops to Iraq to fight so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of a number of pro-democracy and human rights organisations, officials say.
At the Natural History Museum in Knoxville, Tennessee, in the grounds of the National Museum of Natural History, you are greeted by a large cadaver.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a beach in Porthcawl.
One Direction fans have been left "gutted and a little bit sick" after their Little Mix concert in Belfast was cancelled due to Jesy Williams' illness.
Work has begun on a new centre dedicated to the Battle of the Somme centenary.
Ben Owens scored a hat-trick of tries as Warrington beat Widnes to keep alive their hopes of Super League survival.
If you're looking for a beach holiday in South Africa, you might want to look elsewhere.
League One side Chesterfield have signed former Chesterfield midfielder N'Golo Kante for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq fell sharply on Friday as investors reacted to weaker-than-expected US durable goods orders.
At a detention centre in the Saudi Arabian capital, Colombo, dozens of Sri Lankan maids are waiting in a queue to be sent home.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama in a major challenge to his signature healthcare law.
A former member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been jailed for eight years for a string of firearms offences dating back to 1974.
Hundreds of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in Cairo for the funeral of the late Pope Shenouda.
A man's body has been found in a road in East Sussex.
Jeremy Corbyn has been photographed clutching a banana on the eve of Labour's party conference in Bournemouth.
Marcus Rashford will have to adjust to the pressure of playing for Wales at Euro 2016, says manager Chris Coleman.
Plans to allow same-sex couples to enter into civil partnerships have been defeated by MPs.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been temporarily closed after a fire at a school in Dundee.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient.
The number of heroin users in Wrexham has risen by more than 50% in the past five years.
Tanzania's electoral commission chairman has accused the opposition of being "partisan" over the cancellation of elections on the two main islands of Unguja and Pemba.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to official figures.
A UN fact-finding mission has concluded that "a large number" of people died in a chemical weapons attack in northern Syria last month.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) says it has killed more than 100 Yemeni soldiers.
A British serviceman who lost his suit during the Gallipoli campaign in World War One has been reunited with it.
Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete at the London Marathon despite announcing his retirement from track racing.
The University College of Shropshire has announced plans to cut 76 jobs.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating allegations of exam malpractice.
Ed Sheeran has made a surprise appearance at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
The Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has led to the deaths of more than 100 people since the civil war began in the early 1990s.
Former deputy prime minister Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points with victory over Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Federico Fazio has left the club by mutual consent.
The world is about to get a whole lot more health-focused.
Pope Francis has approved a miracle attributed to the late Mother Teresa, the Catholic Church has said.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The value of used Volkswagen cars in the UK has fallen sharply since the diesel emissions scandal came to light last year, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is sympathetic to Apple's refusal to unlock the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino attackers.
The remains of a passenger on the missing AirAsia flight QZ8501 have been found in the Java Sea, Indonesian officials say.
Beauly and Kinlochshiel will meet in the Camanachd Cup semi-finals after a 2-2 draw at Kilmallie.
Belgian police say they have foiled a terror attack in a town near the border with Germany.
A council has launched a night-vision goggles scheme to tackle dog poachers in Staffordshire.
A squirrel has been caught on CCTV running across the floor of a bar to turn on the Caffrey's tap.
Scottish Labour is to ask the Scottish government what it knows about alleged spying on MSPs.
A man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of a gun attack has been exonerated.
More than 200 traders have been fined for failing to properly dispose of their waste, according to the City of Edinburgh.
The families of two prisoners who died from self-inflicted injuries at a prison have launched a judicial review.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said he will start to think about the future of the Red Arrows in the next few years.
A peer who has been dying for several weeks has called for a legal euthanasia bill to be put on the statute books.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli was subjected to monkey noises during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Genoa, says his club Bastia.
The RMT union has voted in favour of strike action by its members in a dispute with Virgin Trains.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in his left ankle.
It was a day of social media speculation about who should replace Chris Evans as Top Gear presenter.
Bumblebee mortality in Europe has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been returned to Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its campaign to appoint its first female secretary general, following a backlash over the character's portrayal of Diana Prince.
The owner of a yacht has been rescued after it was blown up by an explosion off the west coast of Scotland.
A former refugee worker has been found guilty of racially aggravated conduct at an anti-refugee rally.
A four-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool have been backed by the city's mayor.
A radio station in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Biafra has been shut down by the government, the BBC has learned.
A former soldier who spent 15 years living rough on the streets of London has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has developed a high powered laser that can be used to target drones.
Four people have been arrested in connection with the stabbing of teenager James Appleton in north London.
Crusaders will aim to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership as they take on Linfield at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Former Liverpool striker John St John says he is concerned about the number of ex-players suffering from dementia as a result of playing football.
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
A portrait of Mozart is to be painted on buildings around the world in tribute to the composer.
A new 'Boris bikes' scheme has been launched in London.
India beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the second Test in Galle to win the second and final Test in Pallekele.
The US golfing world's governing body has pulled out of a sponsorship deal with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The Scottish government and the Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) have been embroiled in a legal battle over minimum pricing for alcohol.
Tributes have been paid to Status Quo frontman Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 67.
Car insurance premiums in England and Wales will rise by an average of 20% over the next three years, the AA has warned.
It's been another busy weekend in the English Football League.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon is confident his side can reach the second round of the Betfred Cup.
The head of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial amendments to a bill which would allow higher education institutions to elect their own rectors.
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham will not withdraw his offer for a new contract.
A drilling rig is expected to arrive at the Beatrice oil field in Caithness later.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not feeling under pressure as he prepares for his World Championship quarter-final.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating alleged financial irregularities.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association following his side's 1-1 draw with Port Vale.
National League side Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel O'Neill on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in a park in Hull.
A woman has been arrested after two Nokia phones were stolen during the band's concert in Sunderland, police have said.
A woman has died after being hit by a tram in Ipswich.
Michael O'Donnell has described his shock at being voted off Strictly Come Dancing as "ridiculous".
If you've ever wondered what it is like to be a 'psychic' octopus, you might want to think again.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager David Lynch after just three months in charge of the National League strugglers.
A Cub Scout has won the men's title at this year's World Para-Conkers Championships.
A driver has been caught with a sofa tied to the boot of his car.
The world's first unmanned aircraft has made its first public appearance at the Paris Air Show.
How do you get to the top of the world's most famous skyscraper?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of "corporating anti-Israel bias".
The Church of England is to divest its investments from some of the most polluting forms of energy for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" about the club's position in the Premier League.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Eredivisie by Olympiakos in the quarter-finals of the Europa League as they were beaten 2-0 at Old Trafford.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat an attack on an air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir "just the way they want".
An Indian woman who claims she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan has arrived in the capital, Delhi.
The Liberal Democrats have lost three seats in the Scottish Parliament in the general election.
Madagascar's parliament has approved the resignation of President Andry Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 to help his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan.
Further education lecturers in Glasgow are to be balloted on strike action in a long-running pay dispute.
The bombing of a British citizen by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has raised a number of questions about the UK's role in the conflict.
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in Belfast city centre.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two teenage boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in April.
Mexican Interior Minister Luis Galindo has resigned after a report said he ordered an investigation into the deaths of 42 suspected criminals.
Airlines' travel booking systems are riddled with flaws that could allow attackers to steal travellers' details, say security researchers.
More than 90% of police officers in England and Wales feel their morale has dropped since reforms were introduced in 2013, a BBC survey has found.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils at Elland Road.
Oxford's main road is to be made a pedestrian-only zone when it reopens next year, the council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will take "appropriate steps" to ensure the safety of players during their tour of Bangladesh, the governing body has said.
Two senior council leaders have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be treaty changes to help solve the eurozone's economic crisis.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
Scotland's largest corm has produced a flower for the first time in more than a decade at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.
Tyson Fury says he is "very, very confident" he will be cleared of a doping offence after his rematch with Wladimir Klitschko in October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Peterborough.
The world's first unmanned drone has been developed.
Work to demolish a building at the site where four people died in a power station collapse has begun, RWE NPower has said.
Indonesia's governing Democratic Party (PDI-P) has won the country's parliamentary election, according to preliminary results.
Brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is to invest £250m to improve access to tennis in communities across the UK.
The South West is to receive the largest share of a government fund to help tackle the affordability gap in second homes.
An artificial intelligence (AI) competition is being held in the US to see if it can beat human players in a poker game.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway owner in County Antrim.
Syrian government forces have launched a major offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the eastern city of Deir al-Zour.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born blogger to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from music streaming rose by more than a third last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Taxi-hailing firm Uber has agreed to settle a series of safety-related lawsuits against the firm.
A lion has escaped from a national park in South Africa, officials say.
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for a "billion times more likely" to be responsible for the murder of a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet in a major shake-up of the government.
The Russian space agency says it has lost contact with a spacecraft that was due to dock with the International Space Station (ISS).
In a makeshift refugee camp on the border with Syria, children are playing with crayon drawings.
Two Irish sailors have died after their yacht ran aground in the Western Cape.
A number of homes in Great Yarmouth have been flooded following heavy rain.
A cat found dead in a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze, according to the Scottish SPCA.
The Chicago Owlz baseball team has apologised for promoting a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in the wake of recent shootings in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman from Milton Keynes.
What do you do when you're sick at the MTV Video Music Awards?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence has been described as one of the greatest achievements of the club's history.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex held Somerset to a draw in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "wrong".
A lifeboat crew rescued a group of brides stranded on a river after their vessel became stuck in mud.
Actor Bradley Lowery is to play the lead role in a new BBC One drama about Doctor Who.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should fund a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a CCTV image of two men they want to trace in connection with the torture of a man and a woman during a break-in at their Kent home.
Work is set to start on Anglesey's historic market hall.
Prime Minister Theresa May has proposed changes to stop and search powers in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran boss Paul Haveron has urged his players to show passion and pride in Saturday's Premiership clash with Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Plans to close consultant-led maternity services at a north Wales hospital have been backed by councillors.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Neil McCann has criticised his side's attitude after their League Cup defeat by Dundee United.
Slovakia is one of the poorest countries in the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is close to signing former Derby County defender Chris Barker on a one-year deal.
A new bowling pavilion is to be built in Northamptonshire.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a 2-1 win over Belgium in their final group match in Leuven.
Google's Titan Aerospace, the company that has been developing high-altitude drones for the internet, has shut down.
A 22-year-old man who escaped from a Manchester City Hospital window is being sought by police.
Dr Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 95.
Belfast Lionhearts won the World Superbantamweight Championship for the first time in their history with a unanimous points win over Cuba.
Hull KR reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Oldham.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said he plans to turn the city's Evin prison into a park.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
The chief constable of Greater Manchester Police has said he regrets the decision to drop a rape case against a gang of sex workers in Rochdale.
It is not often that young footballers are diagnosed with a cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have both lost listeners in the last three months of 2016, according to audience research body Kantar.
A festival marking the 200th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held in Edinburgh.
Carlos Tedesco has left Schalke to become the youngest coach in Bundesliga history.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League game against FC Krasnodar.
A towpath on the banks of the Rhondda Cynon Taff has been closed to allow repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has issued new rules to tackle fan disorder in its stadiums.
India's Maoist rebels began their insurgency in the 1970s when they seized control of a remote village in the north-western state of Kolkata.
Scientists have pinpointed the lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells, using a molecular tape recorder.
Katie Storey won the women's road race at the World Para-athletics Championships for the first time in her career.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to five years in prison for corruption.
The government has announced a raft of reforms to the UK's public services as part of its State Opening of Parliament.
Australian police are continuing to search for a saltwater crocodile after a boy was mauled to death by the animal.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn to win the "war" when they face Switzerland in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Monday.
A new app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire take their own life.
Two men have been given suspended prison sentences after they were found to have dumped tyres in the sea off the County Antrim coast.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by nine wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the central Philippines, killing at least two people.
Ireland all-rounder David Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, his side were in the midst of their worst start to a La Liga season.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a series of changes to the county cricket schedule.
Work to repair a Grade II-listed cross which was knocked down in a hit-and-run crash is expected to cost £5,000, a town trustee has said.
The French territory of Reunion is one of the poorest in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in areas where it does not see eye to eye with Moscow.
England's Justin Rose shot a five-under-par 66 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to take charge of Championship side Rotherham United.
The collapse of Mosul Dam in northern Iraq could threaten the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, according to the Kurdish-led Iraqi government.
Former West Ham manager Sir Dave Gold has been caught up in a Twitter hoax.
More than 100 Christmas trimmings have been stolen during a break-in at a butcher's shop in Powys.
Victoria Azarenka has won her first competitive match since giving birth to her first child.
Leeds Rhinos say the cost of flooding at their training ground is estimated to be £1m.
At least six teenagers have been found dead in a hut in northern Germany after a birthday party, police say.
Corruption is a driving force behind the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says he is looking forward to a close race with Mercedes at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Scientists say they have found evidence that Jupiter's turbulent atmosphere is being warmed by sound waves.
Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are looking to continue their winning start to the Women's British Basketball League season.
Kilmarnock moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest percentage of obese adults in Europe, according to a new report.
Two teenagers have been shot dead after their car crashed into barriers during the Tour de France in Paris, French police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by a surge in online sales, official figures show.
A filly has been disqualified from the At The Races after being found to be the wrong horse.
The likelihood of the UK leaving the European Union is "very, very low", former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has warned that the death toll from the Nazi death camp at Natzweiler-Struthof in Alsace could rise to 50,000.
A student has been given a $12 (Â£8) bounty for spotting a "bug bounty" in Google's website-buying system.
The Home Office has been asked to review 10,000 police documents in the run-up to the 1984 Battle of Orgreave.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to within a point of the Scottish Premiership play-off places thanks to an own goal from Callum Johnson.
Charles Feeney is one of the world's richest men.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to become an MP for Morley and Outwood has been reselected.
Employers in India's southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore have declared a public holiday on Friday to help star Rajinikanth's latest film, Kabali.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been found dead at a brothel in the US state of Nevada.
On the one hand, the European Union is a big deal.
Bradley Wiggins has defended his use of illegal injections of performance-enhancing drugs before major races.
More than 1,600 spiderlings have been reared in Suffolk for the first time.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has nominated two candidates for vice-presidents of Myanmar.
A computer scientist is trying to teach the computer how to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan and South Sudan are engaged in a war of words over the occupation of the border town of Heglig.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in a Cumbrian village have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
The number of EU workers in the UK has risen to its highest level since 2010, according to official figures.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the second time.
Police in Nigeria have filed a law suit against a man they say is the country's most wanted kidnapper.
Huddersfield striker David Paterson says Northern Ireland have "only got ourselves to blame" for their 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said he is "disappointed" that the finance minister has not responded to a request for him to attend the inquiry.
Thames Water has apologised after a burst water main caused flooding at a London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdicating, palace sources say.
A company planning to drill for gas in County Fermanagh has been denied permission to begin drilling.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh government's cabinet, according to accountants' group Plaid Cymru.
Universities are considering expanding their European research centres in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Taking long naps during the day could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have been knocked out of the European Championship play-off in Japan.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed.
The winner of this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards is to be announced next month, the Saltire Society has announced.
The derby is one of the biggest games of the season.
House prices in the East and South East of England have risen faster than the average in the rest of the UK.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that London's teaching hospitals are struggling to attract new nurses because of staffing shortages.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend, Karrueche, has announced that she is divorcing him.
The family of a black woman who died while in police custody in Texas has said she may have tried to kill herself.
Campaign 2016 has been billed as the year of the United Nations.
N-Dubz have been given four nominations at this year's Mobo awards, according to the band's producer Dappy.
Six people have been arrested as part of a major drugs operation in Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been named in the England squad for the second Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists were "intent on violence and criminality" when they took part in a counter-protest, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan for a two-day visit.
Glacial cover in the French Alps has fallen significantly in the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
A property tycoon has been described as "racist" for allegedly banning white people from renting his properties because of the smell of curry.
Bulgarian police are investigating after a train derailed and exploded near a village in the north-eastern Shumen province, killing at least one person.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who fell to her death from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton has won the world title for the first time in his career with victory in the United States.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorcyclist in Greece have said they are "mortified" after his sentence was suspended.
A live-action puppet based on the 1960s TV show Thunderbirds is to be auctioned in memory of its creator, Peter Anderson.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths from the autumn of 2015, the government says.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The government is considering curbs on the rights of Romanian and Bulgarian migrants to live and work in the UK, the BBC understands.
A "depraved" man who encouraged a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for five years.
The number of patients waiting in accident and emergency units in England has reached a record high, NHS figures show.
The government has ordered an inquiry into the decision to remove three children from Rotherham Council because they were members of UKIP.
Andy Murray has won a £1m bet on winning the ATP World Tour Finals in Aberdeen, according to bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
The former governor of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, has been arrested on corruption charges, officials say.
Colchester moved up to fourth in League One with a stoppage-time penalty against Chesterfield.
London Bridge is to be closed for more than three months for maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to join the judging panel for the next series of The Voice UK.
The Famous Five children's books are to be adapted for adults in a new series.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a street attack.
A fictional Essex town could be left in a "bubble" if it fails to boost its tourism, a tourism group has warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby's body at a house in west London.
Microsoft has agreed to buy more than 900 patents and licences from AOL, the company has announced.
Fly-half Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Ulster's Pro12 win over Leinster on Saturday.
US President Donald Trump has said he did not make "tapes" of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a clear agenda for government, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein says he has high hopes for new Celtic head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's poor start to the season.
Residents of the Rhondda Cynon Taff and Merthyr valleys have been urged to get involved in the fight against mountain fires.
The US city of Chicago has announced it will bid to become the next home of former US President Barack Obama.
Toyota has cut its profit forecast for the current financial year as it continues to struggle with slowing sales in the US.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport because it was "for a laugh" has been told it will be cancelled.
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Liam Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith qualified for Sunday's final at the Irish Indoor Athletics Championships in Santry.
Rangers, Celtic and Inverness Caledonian Thistle will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
The death of Bilawal Bhutto's daughter, Bisma, in a traffic jam during a visit to a hospital in Karachi has sparked outrage in Pakistan.
The families of five workers who died when a wall collapsed on them at a recycling plant have said they have "no answers" about why they died.
Bristol Rovers moved up to second place in the Scottish League Two table thanks to a comfortable win over fellow strugglers East Stirlingshire.
Coventry has taken more Syrian refugees than any other area in England and Scotland, the city council has said.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to blow up a United Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit in 2011.
Holiday firm Tui has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terrorist attack in Tunisia in which 39 people were killed.
Police have issued a warning to the public after a suspected unexploded bomb was found on the west coast of Scotland.
The US Supreme Court is set to vote on whether non-profit groups with religious ties should be allowed to provide birth control in health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the globe using the Sun has been forced to abandon its attempt in Japan.
Celtic have made their 13-year-old debut for the first time in their history.
Worcester City head coach Colin Gordon should be part of a team managing the club, says director of football Steve Brown.
A furry podcast has been broadcast on a number of radio stations in the US after its equipment was hacked.
Manchester City missed the chance to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea City.
England's Tom Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the China Open after carding a five-under-par round of 66 on Thursday.
Danny Doughty scored a late winner as Swindon beat Millwall in the first game of new manager Ashley Williams' reign.
Labour has accused Theresa May of letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe after the London terror attacks.
Former taoiseach (prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 87.
A human chain has been held at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of World War Two.
British singer-songwriter Richard Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 83.
Former children's laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a TV adaptation of her best-selling novel Callum and Sephy.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences against children in South Yorkshire.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn non-essential foreign staff from Libya for the time being in a phased reduction of numbers.
It was supposed to be a speech about the government's plans to force all schools in England to become academies.
Twenty-one patients have been evacuated from Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after smoke was reported coming from a 'bed pan washer'.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV security guard David Hayden.
Pupils at a school where a teenager was subjected to "cruel and overwhelming" taunts on social media have been given advice about bullying.
A teenage star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filthy" humour.
The UK will be able to import hydro-power from Norway for the first time, the government has announced.
A man who helped the victims of the Manchester Arena attack has praised the people of the city who have come together to help.
The authorities in South Africa have put down a lion that has been on the run for more than a year after escaping from a national park in the Western Cape.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland was a mixed bag.
Substitute Conor Sandro scored his first goal for Ipswich as they beat QPR at Loftus Road.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the spread of the deadly Ebola virus in Liberia.
Police are investigating after 16 petrol bombs were found in a street in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new Earth-observation platform.
Scotland's fishing industry has said it is "disappointed" by the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A private ambulance has been involved in a crash involving a bus and a car in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona forward Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish giants.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County is the biggest of his career.
A Fife man has described the "devastating" flash flooding caused by heavy rain on Saturday.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "significant improvements" to its services if it is to survive, a report has said.
A man who raped a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for eight years.
One of China's most famous linguists has died in Beijing, aged 106.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet striker Ryan Hyde on a free transfer.
Theatregoers have been given the chance to vote for their favourite productions at this year's Olivier Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of returning to Norwich City under new manager Ralph Farke.
Stem cells could be used to restore hearing in people with hearing loss, say researchers.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and leisure complex in Oxford have been submitted to the city council.
Tunisians go to the polls on 26 October to elect a new National Assembly, the first since the overthrow of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011.
The estate of Johnny Cash, the late singer who died in 2003, is to release a collection of previously unreleased recordings.
Children who have bad childhood experiences are three times more likely to develop ill health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing two boys.
Scotland's 10,000m runner has been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Port Vale have parted company with manager Pedro Ribeiro after just one game in charge of the club.
More than half of secondary academies in England have cut or attempted to close their libraries, a teachers' union has said.
Mae adeilad gwasanaeth mewn cyflwr difrifol wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl sydd wedi marw i'r ffigwr godi eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to ensure their players' home addresses were accurate.
The 150th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess has been marked with a festival and mass.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to computer pioneer and codebreaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has visited the house that was once home to Bob Marley as part of his Caribbean tour.
Saturday's League Two match between Oldham Athletic and Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scotland's Russell Knox is looking forward to meeting former Masters champion David Lyle at the first major of the year.
Middlesex batsman Liam Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A US federal judge has blocked President Donald Trump's attempt to withhold millions of dollars in federal funding to sanctuary cities.
The UK will "deliberately bypass" Christian refugees by sending them directly to refugee camps in Syria, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh say they have found the remains of seven aborted foetuses in a plastic bag.
Wales kicked off their autumn internationals with a comfortable victory over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed.
Former Smiths frontman Johnny Marr has revealed he was in touch with Morrissey about the possibility of the band re-forming.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee says he was "really keen" to return to the club as a player-coach.
More needs to be done to protect key shipping chokepoints in the global food supply chain, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have been disrupted after a power cut.
A blood test could help detect early ovarian cancer, say US researchers.
England are going to go into their Six Nations match against Scotland with a sense of inevitability.
Two people have been found dead in a suspected gas explosion in New York City, officials say.
Google has unveiled its first Android-powered smartphone.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been hailed as an important milestone in the fight against the spread of antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh.
Stan Wawrinka has been knocked out of the Miami Open in the quarter-finals by American Kyle Edmund.
St Johnstone have signed striker Ryan MacLean on loan from Rochdale.
Twenty years ago this month, Dolly the sheep was born.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a paedophile online vigilante group has been jailed for three years.
Kurdish fighters have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane, reports say.
Work on a new footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex has been delayed until next year.
A World War Two veteran who said he was "a changed man completely" when he arrived at the Auschwitz death camp has described his experiences.
A human skull has been found in a field in County Donegal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola's first game in charge of the club will be against Manchester City.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it expects full year profits to be lower than last year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute the man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre.
A police appeal has been made to a man who posed as a clown to scare children at schools in County Antrim.
At a cafe in the Turkish capital, Ankara, a group of people gathered around a table.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire in January.
In the wake of the EU referendum result, I asked people in Wales what they thought about the future of the Welsh Government.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwylio Adar yr Ardd yn y gaeaf, yn ôl mewn y penwythnos yng Nghaerdydd.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich.
Police investigating the death of two cows in Conwy county have appealed for help in tracing the driver of a pick-up truck.
Two of the three Birmingham schools rated inadequate by the education watchdog are to lose their funding, the BBC has learned.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the head because he felt "threatened" has been struck off.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bradford.
Spencer Williams has won the cow bell trophy at the #TheJump.
The Lethal Weapon film is to be remade for TV, according to reports.
Mitchell Faulkner took four wickets as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
The government has introduced a bill to ban four jihadist groups from entering the UK.
Estonia, one of the Baltic states, is a member of the European Union.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on plans for a new primary school in the town.
Cardiff City have confirmed that manager Russell Slade will leave the club at the end of the season.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter crew member Paul Pogmore has been cleared of misconduct in a public office.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has been handed to the Law Society of Northern Ireland.
The body of Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed by London Bridge attackers on Saturday night, is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday.
American Jason Dufner carded a final round of nine-under-par 66 to drop out of contention at the Open Championship in Florida.
Filmmaker Jo Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans for a new visitor centre on the Humber Suspension Bridge have been submitted to the planning authority.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
The Labour Party has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 37.
Plans to perform William Shakespeare's Richard III in Leicester Cathedral have been branded a "deliberate humiliation" by a group of supporters.
The new head of Wales' public services watchdog has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace firm has announced it is going into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed defending champions France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history.
PerúSAT-1, the world's smallest satellite, has been launched into space for the first time.
Turkey's foreign minister has said it is "very right and very timely" for a Nato meeting to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq.
West Ham United must reveal details of a deal to rent the Olympic Stadium, the government has said.
Jockey Jodie Payne has been suspended from racing for two weeks after testing positive for an appetite suppressant.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Champions League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests have an economic value of US $2.9 billion.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side ran out of legs in their Scottish Cup final defeat by Celtic.
More than 724 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary higher rate of the living wage, the mayor has announced.
Pamela Geller, a self-styled anti-Islam activist, has been a prominent figure in the US right since the 9/11 attacks.
Former McLaren driver Christian Wurz has been appointed as the new boss of Manor Marussia.
The richest 20% of the population in Latin America earn more than the poorest 20%, according to a new report.
South Korea's An So-yeon won the PGA Championship for the first time in his career with a three-shot victory at the Wyndham Championship.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League as they were held to a goalless draw by Fola Esch in the first qualifying round.
Conor McGregor has pulled out of the Ultimate Fighting Championship's (UFC) 200 event in Las Vegas.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to retire from the race.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Whitbread boss has gone missing from a Cheltenham warehouse.
Boris Johnson has become the latest British foreign secretary to come under fire for his views on the Syrian conflict.
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next head of the FBI.
A set of Victorian beach huts on a Devon seafront are to receive a £1m boost from the government.
The Russian military says it has destroyed 16 memory chips from a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop has set the pace in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) in Australia has said that she rejected an offer of a job with the government.
A Dundee hospital is to become the first in the UK to share information about twin transfusion syndrome.
Olympic gold medallist Kate King says she is hopeful of making Great Britain's women's team for the Rio Olympics.
The murder of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch has sparked a debate about women's empowerment in the country.
The Institute for National Remembrance (INR) says it has created a database of the people who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau during World War Two.
Olympic bronze medallist and former world number one Michael O'Leary has been training with a mixed martial arts team for the past three years.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight every match" after their 2-1 defeat by Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing from Swindon nightclub.
The health minister has announced an extra £1m in funding to help tackle the number of children with autism in Northern Ireland.
An unexploded World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru have said they are "confident" a deal can be struck with the party next week.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that the country is facing the worst threat of the Cold War.
Scientists have named a new species of shrimp after rock band Pink Floyd.
Scientists say they have produced a glue that sticks to a wet surface and could be used as a medical adhesive.
NHS 111 services in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire are facing a "severe workforce crisis", according to a leaked report.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia have been reunited with their families.
A bid to buy a derelict building in Denbighshire has been launched by the Rightmove website.
McLaren are talking about the fourth row of the grid - or the third, if you want to put it mildly.
Thieves have stolen £20,000 from a Cadets base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration, it has been confirmed.
The crew of a City Cruises boat were unaware of the number of passengers who were injured when it collided with a tug, a report has found.
Police investigating the death of a woman at her home in County Antrim have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man who admitted stabbing himself in the neck has been remanded in custody.
Ricky Malick's film adaptation of Francis Ford Coppola's novel Die schÃ¶nen Tage von Aranjuez will compete for a Golden Lion at this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has won the presidential election, with opposition candidate Daniel Besigye claiming victory.
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a car crash.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by South Africa at St James' Park.
Spain's banks are expected to need 59.3bn euros (Â£57bn) of additional funding from the eurozone, the country's central bank has said.
"I'm not a tri-citizen," says Johanna Konta.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled a series of appearances in London and Sheffield.
A Spanish man has been questioned by police investigating the shooting death of jewellery dealer Clive Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in east London.
In the wake of the attack on a mosque by a white man on a Muslim worshipper, there has been a lot of reaction on social media to the attack.
A witness at the Hillsborough inquests has told how he was "push towards the goal" during the crush at Hillsborough.
A look back at some of the best entertainment stories of the past year.
Leyton Orient midfielder Danny Cox says he will have to wait up to four months before he can return to the League One club.
Chelsea defender David Luiz will leave the club at the end of the season to join Paris St-Germain.
The collapse of Kids Company was caused by a "media frenzy and biased reporting", a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco have said they are "devastated" by the discovery of his body in Monaco.
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to extend Lewis Hamilton's lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship by winning the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a teenage boy who went missing in Alabama more than a decade ago has been charged with child abduction, US media report.
The future of Wales' forests could be secured by the sale of private land to the private sector, the environment minister has said.
Public service broadcasting (PSB) budgets have fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to a report by Ofcom.
The Lord Advocate has urged the public not to comment while the police investigation into the death of James Bayoh continues.
The London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay will take place in Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Lincolnshire.
The founder of Wikileaks has said that he will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme.
Ulsan is one of the world's biggest shipyards.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire has been opened.
British Cycling's chief executive has been telling Newsround how to get involved in cycling.
The UK's drug-testing system is designed to assess the safety and efficacy of new medicines before they are given to people.
Thousands of soldiers in the UK's armed forces are set to lose their jobs, the government has announced.
A group of people with learning disabilities has held an exhibition in London to celebrate the achievements of those with disabilities.
Nani scored the only goal of the game as the United States came from behind to beat Portugal and reach the quarter-finals of the Fifa World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying within the organisation.
A stem cell-based therapy for brain tumours has been developed in the US for the first time, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A pogo player has broken the world record for the longest period of bouncing on a stick.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire for more than two decades.
Kirsty Mead is targeting a first senior England call-up.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender rights activist.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
The death of a cat in Conwy county is being treated as suspicious by the RSPCA.
Leyton Orient's Christian Afobe has been ruled out of the DR Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel on polling day to allow viewers to vote in the general election.
The West End premiere of Pride, a film about the miners' strike in the 1980s, has been hailed as one of the best films of its kind.
At least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new luxury hotels and resorts in the Red Sea.
A Citroën car dealership has been destroyed in a fire.
Bristol Rovers moved up to fourth in League One with victory over Fleetwood.
All children in Northern Ireland should receive a fully integrated education system, a UN committee has said.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by careless driving.
The original sleeve of The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been valued at the highest level in the world, according to a rare record price guide.
Defending champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A shallow earthquake has struck north-eastern Italy, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
The number of hotels in Northern Ireland is set to rise by a third over the next five years, according to the industry's trade body.
Two people have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was found in a lagoon.
If you’re a fan of Disney’s animated films, you might have heard of the company‘s plans to use technology to bring the brand to the next level.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Manchester City striker Yaya Toure on loan until the end of the season.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has fetched more than £100,000 (120,000 euros) at an auction in Germany.
A coalition of West Ham United supporters has called for a public inquiry into the club's rental deal with the government.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said there is no solution to the crisis in the Stormont Executive.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter praised his side's "physical" performance against France but admits more needs to be done.
A man has described the "stunning" sight of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will wipe out 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
An 18th Century art gallery in Manchester has been badly damaged in a fire.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry.
Ukraine's national energy company says it has suffered a power cut in the capital, Kiev, that left more than 200,000 homes without electricity.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed Steve Abernethy and Bill Shine as executive vice-presidents, following the departure of Roger Ailes.
A court in the Indian capital, Delhi, has ordered the trial of an Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen in 2012.
Tributes have been paid to boxing legend Muhammad Ali who has died at the age of 74.
As the Metropolitan Police investigates allegations of corruption, the BBC's Daniel Morgan looks at what the force's "ghost squad" is up to.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to give the go-ahead for a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
The former minister of the treasury has been re-elected to the St Peter Port North district of the Isle of Man.
Canada has become the first European country to resume importing beef from the EU, amid concerns over the spread of bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
Plans to close Brecon Barracks are "utterly abhorrent", an MP has said.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been under a social media ban for more than two years.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A project aimed at getting black and ethnic minority women into work in Scotland has been awarded £1m by the Scottish government.
More than 200 inmates have escaped from two prisons in the Amazon rainforest state of Amazonas, officials say.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Shane Williams has left Ospreys to join a Japanese club.
(Close): Shares in mining companies fell sharply on Thursday after a US judge found BP liable for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A ticket from the Republic of Ireland has won a £21.7m jackpot on the Euromillions lottery.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang province on suspicion of involvement in a bomb attack on a market, state media report.
The discovery of a three-year-old boy's body in a river in Aberdeenshire has dominated the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake is to star as Hamlet in a new BBC One adaptation of Shakespeare's The Dream.
The father of a girl with autism has said he is "shocked" by her suggestion that Big Ben's chimes should be replaced.
A man's body has been found in woodland, police have said.
A report into the death of a prisoner in a prison in County Londonderry has found there was no possibility of an alternative outcome for him.
Human remains have been discovered at a former cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's highest court has rejected an appeal by a Pakistani-born woman against a ban on wearing the Islamic veil, officials say.
The number of cats living on an island off Japan's west coast has more than doubled in the past year.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France.
An extra £10 a week would be given to unpaid carers to help tackle Britain's social care crisis, the Labour leader is to say.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a pedestrian was injured in a hit-and-run incident.
European media have reacted strongly to the UK's vote to leave the European Union, with some calling for a radical overhaul of the EU.
Newport Gwent Dragons secured their first bonus-point win of the season as they beat Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French court has sentenced a pregnant woman to life in prison for murdering her two children.
Clermont Auvergne reached the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought victory over Sale.
Scotland's Children's Commissioner is to update the Scottish Parliament on changes to the Named Person service.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than two weeks have appealed for information.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking this very seriously" after discovering a flaw in the app.
It is easy to forget that Scotland is a country full of pubs and clubs.
A scheme to encourage people to give voluntarily to local businesses in Snowdonia has raised more than Â£3,000 in its first year.
US President-elect Donald Trump's former national security adviser has rejected claims that she sought to cover up Russian interference in the election.
Former MP Barnaby Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard hit centuries as West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to set up a Women's World Cup final against Sri Lanka.
Ivory Coast boss Gareth Southgate hopes Wilfried Zaha's decision to switch allegiance to the Ivory Coast will be approved by Fifa.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said it is a matter for the Scottish party to decide whether Kezia Dugdale should continue as leader.
Mark McManus scored twice as Morton beat Alloa Athletic to move up to third in the Scottish Championship.
The milk price in the UK is set to be lowered for the first time in more than a decade.
London's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the city's mayor.
Southport chairman Paul Clapham has stepped down following criticism of his leadership of the League Two club.
Dozens of workers at a Maruti Suzuki plant in the northern Indian state of Haryana have been killed in clashes with other workers, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Leigh Halfpenny says the Six Nations could be in the balance in the next couple of years.
A man has been arrested in connection with two armed robberies in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has played the flute at a concert in the German city of Hamburg.
The government of Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew on the capital, Freetown, amid fears that more than 11,000 people may have been infected with Ebola.
Sweden's Lukasz Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle canoeing in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main power line between Inverness and Culloden.
A Labour MP has stepped down from her post as Parliamentary Private Secretary after posting a picture of Israel on Facebook.
A Pole has been found guilty of plotting to bomb the Polish parliament in Krakow in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says North Korea appears to be restarting its nuclear reactor.
A koala named Bear Grylls has survived a head-first collision with a car in Australia.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Sam Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Ryan Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first part of the world to be declared free of the Ebola virus.
The German intelligence agency, the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), says it has arrested a man suspected of planning a bomb attack.
Elections in Hong Kong are being held on Sunday, four years after the Umbrella Movement took to the streets to demand democracy.
Manchester United moved to the top of the Premier League with a comfortable win over Manchester City.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been detained for three days over comments he made on social media about the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a spelling error in a press release announcing a requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, South Africa.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault in Londonderry.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little space" for non-Brexit related legislation, says the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG).
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling is "too honest" after he was involved in an incident which led to a goalless draw with Tottenham.
The Labour Party in Wales is "at least as bad" as it was under Michael Foot's leadership, according to former Lib Dem leader Ken Howells.
Sale Sharks winger Keshi Solomona is "a revelation" for England, according to the club's director of rugby Les Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's new national call-handling system has found "significant weaknesses" in the force's handling of emergency calls.
Hairdresser Barnardo Howe has died at the age of 87.
A volcano in the Central American nation of Costa Rica has erupted, spewing ash and steam into the sky.
Exeter City boss Paul Tisdale has not ruled out a return to full-back duties next season.
A dog restaurant in the US city of San Francisco has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
More than £20m is to be invested in the future of general practice in Scotland, the government has announced.
Hilary Mantel's novel Someone Else's Skin has won a crime novel award.
The parents of a baby with a rare condition have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
An Australian woman who fled to Israel to face child sex abuse charges has been cleared to return to Australia.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Mourne, County Antrim.
Supermarket chains such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons are selling plus-size school uniforms for less than 5p each.
So what did the National Audit Office (NAO) learn about the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies?
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after the second round of the BMW Masters in Munich.
The Cassini mission to Saturn has completed its final pass of the gas giant's moon Titan.
When Hillary Clinton launched her campaign for the Democratic nomination in the US presidential election on Thursday, she was expected to make a strong pitch to moderate Republicans.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie dolls, is in talks with toy-maker Hasbro about buying the company.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why octopuses are so popular in Tanzania.
Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire have been recommended for approval by councillors.
The Venezuelan military says it has arrested three suspected rebels in connection with an attack on a barracks in August.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
The coroner at the inquest into the deaths of six men who were shot dead by IRA gunmen has said he is "disappointed" that the inquiry has been delayed.
Children and young people in Birmingham are not getting the help and support they need quickly enough, the city council has said in a report.
Five select committee chairmen have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target.
Lord Coe has been urged to take charge of athletics' world governing body after a damning report said it was a "failed organisation".
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues has been found a place of care in police custody in Devon.
Vietnam has cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) conference in Bangkok, citing security concerns.
An 18th Century mansion in the Vale of Glamorgan has been restored to its former glory.
The first 'close shave' of a large asteroid has been released by scientists.
A man in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle, prosecutors say.
Jockey George Gwynne has been discharged from hospital after suffering a brain haemorrhage following a fall in the Wellington Stakes.
The new Conservative MP for Cardiff North, Stephen Kinnock, has been sworn in as a member of the House of Commons.
Dennis Rodman's visit to North Korea is the latest in a series of bizarre gifts for the country's leader.
A man who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in South Yorkshire has been named.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a New York skyscraper after a cable fell from a crane.
A police officer in the US state of Texas has been fired after a teenager was shot dead by a fellow officer.
Teenage pop star Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two.
Éamon Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's most well-known broadcasters, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she hopes to secure access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken.
Engineers from the Government Communications Centre have recreated a key part of Hitler's codebreaking machine at Bletchley Park.
Carlos Tevez is "not an option" at Manchester City, says manager Roberto Mancini.
Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, has suspended its editor-in-chief and several other journalists amid an investigation into alleged links to the failed coup.
England's Ryan Fitzpatrick shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been tied up and robbed at knifepoint at their home in west Belfast.
The death toll from Tuesday's earthquake in Christchurch has risen to 30, New Zealand's prime minister has said.
The world's first pure silicon wafer has been produced for the first time.
St Johnstone midfielder Jordan Stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their Christmas defeat.
A cat who has been stealing toys and toy food from his neighbours is being hunted down by his owners.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a hat-trick of tries as Super League leaders Castleford came from behind to beat Salford.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire have been approved.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal for Portugal as they beat Cape Verde to reach the group stage of the Africa Cup of Nations.
The bill which would give the government new powers to investigate terrorism offences is due to be debated in the House of Lords later.
As the sun sets over San Diego, a group of Mexican border patrol officers stand on the edge of the sand dunes.
Glasgow secured their first win of the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster at Murrayfield.
Nepal has been gripped by a series of devastating floods since last year's earthquake.
A charity has called on internet providers to "up its game" after a report found that some of their broadband adverts are misleading.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with victory over Chelsea.
Scientists in the UK say they have developed a new way to kill bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with victory over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray will meet world number one Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final at the French Open.
Dundee United striker Robbie Goodwillie has signed for Plymouth Argyle for an undisclosed fee.
A girl from Northern Ireland has become the youngest ever chess master in the United States.
American Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 200m freestyle at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing last month.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said his life has been a "moral opposition" to nuclear weapons.
Sudan have been disqualified from qualifying for the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations because five of their players are under the age of 21.
Jean-Louis Akinde scored twice as Barnet eased to victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield is based in the US.
The chief executive of Belfast International Airport has told Enda Kenny that the island should be the gateway to the Republic of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
A new wave of left-wing politicians in Spain has ushered in a new era of power-sharing.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December 2014, according to official figures.
A police officer has been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her killer.
It could be "only a matter of time" before a Spice-related death is confirmed at a prison, a watchdog has warned.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called on political forces to "play politics" with the plight of the kidnapped schoolgirls.
A man accused of beating his landlord to death with a hammer has told a court he was "angry" about his break-up.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll should be included in his squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's swimming pool has been saved from closure.
Iraqi Kurdish forces have recaptured the town of Qaraqosh from Islamic State militants, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the Rotherham Power Station collapse has said there is "still a chance" he could still be alive.
A derelict shipyard in South Georgia is set to be transformed into a theatre.
Bob the Builder is to return to BBC One's children's show Fixham for a second series.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, the Royal College of Nursing has said.
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed defender Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore for the funerals of those killed in a series of bomb attacks on churches.
Yorkshire clinched the County Championship title with victory over Durham at Trent Bridge.
A new map shows just how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has denied claims it was threatened by a reporter working on a story about a minister's daughter's expenses.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Mark Morris says it was "very proud" to have three full houses for the T20 Blast in Cardiff.
Former world number one Mark Fordham says he would love to play again at Lakeside.
India's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate by 0.5%.
James McClean and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for a friendly against Mexico in June.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed they fired a missile at a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
Sir Philip Green, the billionaire who owns BHS and Topshop, has been appointed as the government's chief procurement officer.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Toulon Tournament for the first time in their history with victory over Mexico.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott on a short-term deal until the end of the T20 Blast season.
Northern Ireland's James McComb has reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship in Russia after a comfortable victory over Russia's Vladimir Kharkiv.
It is easy to forget that pharmacists are the biggest health service in the UK.
At least nine children have been injured after a slide came loose at a carnival in Dorset.
A woman with histrionic personality disorder has been told she does not have the mental capacity to refuse life-saving kidney treatment.
A British woman has been chosen to be the first female hedgehog officer in Suffolk.
Four British soldiers were killed when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
Dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromia region, officials say.
Lancashire lost the Bill Beaumont Cup for the first time in their history as they were beaten by 10-man Cornwall at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of the public has been jailed for eight years.
South Africa's government has said it will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC), following a court ruling.
A cyclist died when she was hit by a pothole in Newport, a coroner has ruled.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as Newcastle United manager by Rafael Benitez.
Up to 10,000 jobs could be lost at HSBC in London if the UK leaves the European Union, sources have told the BBC.
Tributes have been paid to the decision by the High Court to allow abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
A man has been killed by an elephant in the eastern German state of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia's justice ministry has designated a rights group as a foreign agent and banned it from doing any work linked to the election campaign.
A second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union could be won, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
In the early hours of Thursday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona.
Singer-songwriter Mabel has topped the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list for the first time.
A man has been arrested after a chameleon was found in a suitcase at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man they believe was behind the lorry attack on a Berlin Christmas market that left 22 people dead.
A church curate who told children he was not real has apologised after a parent said she was "feeling terrible".
A man has died in a house fire in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her role in the film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for providing false information to the charity Crimestoppers.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has called the club to apologise for missing the club's home game.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup semi-finals.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to new research.
Pro-Russia activists have taken over government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a TV adaptation of Shakespeare's A Life Backwards.
Belgium's King Albert II has been criticised for his Christmas message, in which he warned of the dangers of populism.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squad for the three-match one-day series against the South in Dubai in March.
The organisers of the Fleadh festival in Londonderry have said they will bid again to host the event in 2017.
A new woodland in County Londonderry is being planted to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
A "University of Nottingham" sign has been spotted on a busy railway line in Nottingham.
Ethiopian marathon runner Feyisa Oromo has become an international symbol of anti-government protests after raising more than $25,000 (£20,000) in a crowdfunding campaign.
The Department of Transport (DRD) ordered a crash barrier to be removed at the spot where teenager Enda Dolan was knocked down by a van, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Ten people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in Kunming, China's state-run Xinhua news agency says.
French energy firm EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, this time for dual-fuel customers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why so many people are so desperate to get their messages out about the EU referendum.
Mae fydd wedi i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdyddyn.
A custody sergeant who killed a mentally ill man in a custody centre did not use excessive force, a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the price of oil fell below $50 a barrel for the first time this year.
Police are appealing for witnesses after eight puppies and a lurcher were stolen from a house in East Lothian.
Northern Ireland's fire service has said it is investigating a number of incidents of sectarian hate crime.
Championship side Celta Vigo have signed former Fulham and Fulham midfielder Juan Cuadrado on a season-long loan deal.
Letting agency fees should be banned in Wales, an AM has said, amid calls for a ban on the practice.
The Metropolitan Police's handling of allegations of historical child sexual abuse in England and Wales shows no sign of abating, the force's College of Policing has said.
Plans for a new spaceport in Kintyre are to be unveiled later.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader John Rennie has won North East Fife from the SNP.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why we are changing what we buy.
A County Antrim knitwear firm has increased production by more than 50% in the past year to keep up with demand in Europe.
French authorities have released a copy of the oldest cave art in the world - the Grotte Chauvet.
Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina have been boosted by the addition of Manchester City goalkeeper Katie Chapman.
A paramedic who sexually assaulted a teenage girl in a car has been jailed.
Tyson Fury retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles with a unanimous points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR director of rugby Steve Peacock says the club's decision to drop hooker Albert Kelly is "all up in the air".
Tory MPs have been asked to give evidence to an independent inquiry into the death of a young Tory activist.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial results of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford defender Tom Williams has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
It's not about Nicki Minaj and Madonna.
Canada Post has said it will increase the price of postage by more than 50% as it tries to save C$1bn (Â£770m) over the next five years.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" for corruption during a visit to Kenya.
For the past few years, wolves have been roaming the French Alps.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis.
Barclays has sacked its chief executive Antony Jenkins after falling out with the board over the size of the bank.
Eight celebrities have been identified by a US court as being victims of a data breach at their Los Angeles home last summer.
A drug dealer has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the world will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help Syrian refugees.
Millionaire Vijay Mallya, the former owner of India's biggest spirits firm Diageo, is reported to have fled the country.
Vesuvius University is seeking more than 100 people to take part in a study to see if e-cigarettes are a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes.
A Gloucestershire school placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are among celebrities who have snapped their fingers to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman has been rescued from a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school head teacher has been jailed for 14 years for a string of sex offences against pupils.
The deaths of two whales and a minke whale off the Suffolk coast are coincidental, experts have said.
A man who admitted killing his ex-girlfriend has had his jail term increased.
Captain Virat Kohli scored his maiden World Cup century as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the tournament for the first time.
Jonathan Demme has been nominated for five Oscars for his work with Talking Heads.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has rejected the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad for the 2012 Games.
The Met Police has apologised to the family of a man who died after being wrongly accused of murder following a reinvestigation into his death.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death during a row over an ice cream has been jailed for eight years.
A 15-year-old boy has been airlifted to hospital after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital.
Leeds Rhinos secured their place in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory at St Helens.
Kenya's president has said the judiciary will not be used to interfere with the functioning of the executive and other arms of government.
A major storm has hit the eastern city of Londonderry in the Republic of Ireland.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent him a text saying "hi, how are you".
Castleford Tigers clinched their first Super League title with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
British comedian Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by the Sun newspaper.
Paul Murray, who was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April 1975, was a keen football fan.
The prime minister of Norway has visited the victims of the mass shooting at a youth camp in the capital, Oslo.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland more than five years ago.
North Ferriby's poor start to the National League season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Bromley.
Glamorgan have appointed former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
Flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 0.5% in the fourth quarter of the year, its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008.
Teenagers are better at remembering the details of their experiences than adults, a study suggests.
A man has been killed by a grizzly bear in the US state of Montana, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour will rise on the Night Tube, according to London Underground (TfL) police, but it will be "difficult to be sure" until it is up and running, says the Met.
A former NHS nurse who admitted downloading hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for eight years.
Ireland have qualified for the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 after beating Zimbabwe in Colombo.
Plans to build holiday lodges on the site of Warwick Castle have been rejected by the district council.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman has been accused of being "over the top" by Republic of Ireland captain Michael Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering their ex-partner.
Lufthansa, the German airline, is to remove price comparison websites from its websites.
Carrick Rangers have been cleared of breaching the Irish Football Association's disciplinary rules.
Scientists in Glasgow say they have found a way to predict how long a bird will live.
The Mexican government has increased the prison sentence for kidnappers who kill their victims, as part of an anti-kidnapping campaign.
An anaesthetist at the centre of the death of a mother-of-two who suffered a haemorrhage after an operation failed, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria's north-eastern state of Bauchi has sentenced four Muslim men to death for homosexual offences.
Russia's anti-doping chief Volodymyr Mutko has announced his retirement from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a Ugandan prosecutor.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a controversial religious freedom law.
Shaky Stevens has been voted Wales' greatest musical of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter has dismissed claims that Russia and Qatar were bribed to win the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A convicted killer who fled to the UK after being convicted of a string of murders has been ordered to leave the country.
Wales midfielder Chris Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision to allow players to wear poppies on their armbands on Armistice Day.
A collection of World War Two diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £10,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End striker Ryan Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
NHS bosses in North Yorkshire and Humber have warned that some GP practices may be "allowed to fail".
If you want to know what it is like to play for a football club in the UK, you might want to ask Welshman Barry Wallace.
Slavery and human trafficking are "serious and organised crime".
The London Underground has opened up its first tunnel since World War Two.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has said he wants to "win something" for the club.
Efe Aluko has accused England manager Mark Sampson of bullying and harassment, the Football Association has confirmed.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England and Wales has reached its highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to announce his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was fired in Cardiff city centre.
Northampton flanker Tom Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if he is to play for England in the Six Nations.
World number one Ding Junhui stormed into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-1 victory over John Duffy in the first round.
A free school breakfast scheme for children in Blackpool is to be extended.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country has announced he will retire at the end of the year.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed Rushall on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Denbighshire forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
In the early hours of New Year, I was walking along the streets of my township in Orkney in the north west of Scotland.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to allow passengers to cross the border between mainland China and Hong Kong.
Australia is to send 30 more troops to Afghanistan to help train Afghan security forces, the government has announced.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow city centre.
Unqualified teachers are being used in England's state schools, the National Association of Head Teachers has warned.
Royal Mail is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pension scheme, the Communications Workers Union (CWU) has said.
Jersey Reds centre Ben Stevens says the club are on the right road for winning promotion to the Championship.
The world's first jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies for the first time.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of high-end smartphones and tablets, has announced plans to cut 4,500 jobs.
Two people have been rescued from a fire in a lounge in a north London flat.
China has executed four Uighur men convicted of terrorism offences in Xinjiang, state media report.
A community hall that had been closed for more than a year has reopened following a re-opening.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Flintshire.
When it comes to compensating for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) on your credit card, it can be a bit of a lottery.
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee?
Facebook has released a map of the world's population, which it says is the most detailed it has ever produced.
Warrington Wolves made it two wins from two in the Challenge Cup with a comfortable victory over Widnes Vikings.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a naked rider.
Kai, a 10-year-old boy from South Sudan, has been living in a refugee camp in the north-east of the country for more than two years.
Police have appealed for information after a brick was thrown at the windscreen of a patrol car in Londonderry.
Emma Stone has been speaking for the first time about the inequalities faced by women in the world.
Network Rail has been told it needs to do more to improve its reliability, or face a £122m budget over the next five years.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time with a 1-0 win over Morocco in Gabon.
Three West Midlands police officers have been cleared of misconduct over comments they made to MPs about Labour MP Keith Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Birmingham may have been stabbed to death, police have said.
A group of beards enthusiasts from around the world are taking part in a contest to find the world's best moustache.
Eight Chinese nationals have been arrested in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining, the country's foreign ministry has said.
Kilcoo have been suspended by the Ulster GAA following an allegation of racism.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes" to win a Grand Slam, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said Mexico will not pay for his border wall with Mexico.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man has been killed in a "targeted attack" in Rhyl, police have said.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed former Leeds Rhinos players Tom Bailey, Ben Cox and Chris Dodds.
Police have launched an investigation after a car mounted a pavement and hit a building in Glasgow city centre.
Coventry City have signed Sunderland striker Giaccherini on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists have uncovered a "significant" number of artefacts at a new museum.
The former editor of the Sun, Ian MacKenzie, has apologised for describing a Liverpool player as a "missing link between man and beast".
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy Plainmoor Town for an undisclosed fee.
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults to the most vulnerable people, according to a report by the National Appropriate Adult Network.
Here is a full list of players who have made their debut for the 2017 British and Irish Lions.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored as Manchester United came from 1-0 down to beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph has reported.
The UK will enjoy the same rights as EU citizens when it leaves the bloc, the prime minister has said.
A member of the Barcelona cell of the so-called Islamic State group has told a Spanish court that the group's plans for a series of attacks were scaled back after a house explosion on Thursday.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow in Wrexham has told a court he was "frightened" by the attack.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Rory McIlroy is confident he will be fit to play at the US PGA Championship despite being ruled out of the rest of the season.
Labour MP David Lammy has said he is considering whether to run for the party's leadership.
NHS chief executive Paula Vasco-Knight has admitted defrauding her husband of more than £11,000 from the NHS.
Google has launched a new tracking service that allows it to track the amount of time a user has spent in the US.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a 20-year-old woman was sexually assaulted in Edinburgh.
The population of the UK increased by more than 50,000 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away from home for the first time in five years in the FA Cup.
Plans to build a £200m bridge across the River Thames in central London have been abandoned because "value for money for the taxpayer has not been secured", a review has found.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has been closed after a burst water main caused it to overflow.
The News Letter's front page is dominated by the story of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been "the worst of my life".
A police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot dead by officers responding to reports of underage drinking in Dallas, US media report.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about terrorism during a speech to a university in Bangladesh has caused a stir on social media.
Simon Pitcher is hoping to break the world record for the fastest solo rowing across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal came from behind to draw 1-1 with Sweden in the first leg of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Five British men arrested in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The Afghan government says it has lost control of Sangin district in Helmand province to the Taliban.
Football saved the lives of hundreds of British prisoners of war during World War Two, according to one former POW.
It's that time of year again when Glastonbury fans head to the festival's Pyramid Stage.
Firefighters have tackled a major blaze at a hotel in Glasgow city centre.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been told to halt oil exploration in the disputed West African Sea.
More than 100 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while on the M4, M4 and M5 in the last year, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans' rape trial has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Full-back Stuart Hogg's exit from the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand was a huge blow.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that beavers have been found in the Highlands.
Two men have been found on the roof of a prison cell in Bridgend.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge.
A former chief executive of a company that helps young people with mental health problems was "a very unpleasant woman", a BBC investigation has found.
A council has announced plans to install more than 1,000 solar panels on homes in Kirklees.
Andy Murray says the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) needs to do more to encourage the next generation of British tennis players.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" for the club's players this season, according to assistant manager Keith Richards.
British long jumper Greg Rutherford has apologised to his parents after failing to qualify for the final round of the IPC Athletics World Championships.
The verdict of accidental death in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster does not amount to criminal liability, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
An RSPCA investigation has been launched after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Hampshire.
Children who have made the dangerous journey to Europe from Syria will be eligible for resettlement in the UK, the government has said.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to shave off his beard.
The Who have topped the UK album chart for the first time with their second album, Live In The Sun.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms aimed at reviving the country's economy.
The six remaining hosts of the Women's Cricket Super League will be based in London.
The number of students attending further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than a third in the past three years.
Hundreds of migrants are still missing after two boats capsized off the Libyan coast, the United Nations says.
A ceasefire in Syria has been in place for more than a month.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised the bravery of ex-footballer Andy Woodward after he revealed he was sexually abused as a child.
Plans for major redevelopment of Dundee's waterfront have been given the go ahead.
Former Ulster captain Michael Clarke has been appointed as the new head coach of the Pro12 side.
Leeds Rhinos hooker George Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bubba Watson will captain the United States in the Ryder Cup for the first time, says Davis Love III.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "pray and hope" Mercedes do not impose team orders on his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg following their collision.
The remains of 10 soldiers who died in World War One have been found in France, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored on their return to the Ukraine set-up to face Slovenia in the Euro 2016 play-off.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were ended by a 26-17 defeat by Exeter, says head coach Jonathan Rees.
A major stretch of the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened.
Match of the Day kicks off today and we want you to know how the rules have changed over the years.
Serena Williams has said she does not "deserve to be paid less" because of her sex.
Too many young people in the UK are not getting the support they need to cope with serious mental health problems, warns a new report.
An Israeli man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Tel Aviv last month has been shot dead, police say.
A knife-carrying man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years for attacking a man in his flat.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her ex-boyfriend and dismember his body has been released on bail.
The number of nursery staff taking GCSE courses has fallen by more than 30% in the past year, according to new figures.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the US economy is "near the statutory goals of maximum employment and price stability".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower after Paddy Power reported a fall in full-year profits.
When I first met Sophia, I had no idea what she was up to.
A young black woman from Swansea has become the first black woman to win a Black History Month award.
A 16-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been named as the new captain of England, replacing Alastair Cook.
More than 100 people have attended a meeting in Manchester to demand an apology over a police training exercise.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has joined a Peckham theatre to give back to the community.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
The pensions minister has been heckled by Labour and the SNP during a Commons debate on pensions.
A Ceredigion university is set to receive £1m of lottery funding to help pay for the building's restoration.
Institute Football Club's ground in Drumahoe, County Londonderry, has been damaged by flooding on Tuesday night.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter David Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has tightened its borders to cope with a record number of asylum seekers arriving in the country.
The impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon is being investigated by scientists.
Kenyan doctors have gone on strike in the capital, Nairobi, in a dispute over pay and conditions.
The bodies of three US marines have been recovered from the sea off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake has been found in a park in Londonderry.
The Royal Navy is to begin cutting steel for the first of eight Type 26 frigates to be built on the Clyde, the defence secretary has said.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Soldiers from the Royal Welsh Regiment have marched through Conwy to mark the centenary of the Battle of Orme.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq have been released, the Indian government says.
Striker James Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims he was punched by Hamilton Academical defender Kiernan during their Scottish Cup tie.
Huddersfield Town's promotion to League Two is the "beginning of a resurgence", says director of football Steve Sweet.
Livingston came from behind to draw with Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Bronze Age man has been unveiled at a Dundee museum.
Chipotle Mexican Grill may have been the source of an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have confirmed.
The mother of a teenage girl who was filmed being sexually assaulted on Facebook has said she fears for her daughter's safety.
When Tsai Ing-wen was elected leader of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2008, it was widely seen as a victory for Taiwan.
British number one Andy Murray and British number one Nick Ward are both through to the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open.
Chancellor George Osborne will be "a disgrace" if he pulls the plug on the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon project, an MP has said.
The number of animal cruelty cases in Wales rose last year, according to the RSPCA.
It's almost time for the start of the 2015 Formula 1 season.
No-one has been injured in a security alert on a coach travelling on the M6 toll in Staffordshire, police have said.
Four London councils have spent more than £500,000 on legal action against the building of a third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Torrential rain and high winds have caused widespread flooding in northern Germany and northern Sweden.
The bodies of five French Resistance fighters have been interred at the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
A 90-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted in her home.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead going into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Proposals to grant posthumous pardons to gay and bisexual men have been approved by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from teaching.
A popular motoring event in Coventry has been cancelled due to funding cuts.
Police in England and Wales are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor reached the semi-finals of the PDC World Championship with a 6-6 win over Peter Wright in London.
It is easy to forget that you need a Changing Places toilet when you go out for a change.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants, his news agency has said.
There is a "culture of inequality" between vocational and academic pathways to work, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee says.
Chinese search engines have joined forces with the government to crack down on phishing scams.
Video replays could soon be used in United States football.
Zambia and Guinea have been drawn in the same group for the Fifa Under-20 World Cup.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something happening in the news, you might want to talk to your family or friends about it.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela says it has deployed 17,000 troops to the border with Colombia to try to stop the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland is one of the world's largest media markets.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Miami Open with a 6-4 6-2 defeat by Milos Raonic.
Plans to build a new supermarket on Merthyr Tydfil's former Butterley Brickworks site have been given the go ahead.
Wales Under-18 wing James Botham has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at the club until the summer of 2019.
Britain's Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France as defending champion Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey.
If you have been sexually abused by Jimmy Savile, you may want to contact police.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have begun pulling out heavy weapons from their positions in the Donetsk region and Luhansk region.
Royal Mail has warned that the postal service is "not currently under threat" as it warned of a "material risk" to its business.
Daniel Radcliffe says he is "one of the least educated people on Shakespeare".
Five Russian civilians wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to be "full-strength" when they face New Zealand in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Philippine police, Rodolfo Palomino, has been placed under formal investigation, his office has said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid.
British number one Johanna Konta has been suspended from her Fed Cup match in Romania for "serious misconduct".
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the 2016-17 season.
National League side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of midfielder Ryan Gormley until the end of the season.
At least 11 people have been killed and 20 wounded in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A teenage girl has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by former England footballer Adam Johnson after meeting him in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash during Sunday's race at the United States Grand Prix.
A five-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a two-car crash in Ceredigion.
Belfast's Liam Barnes has won the vacant WBO Intercontinental featherweight title with a points victory over Alexander Slavchev in Belfast.
Theresa May has said she is confident Donald Trump will recognise the importance of Nato when they meet in Washington later.
GDP is a measure of the strength of the economy.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online tool to help schools tackle the attainment gap.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending in England and Wales has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a think tank.
Albania reached the last 16 of Euro 2016 with a comfortable victory over Armenia.
Councils across Scotland are to review the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ousmane Ighalo scored twice as Watford came from behind to beat Newcastle and move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Plans to redevelop a Pembrokeshire pub have been submitted to the council.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition figure, Alexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead at his home in the capital, Kiev, police say.
A former adviser to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has written a scathing account of his time in office.
National League side Wrexham are set to sign former Plymouth Argyle striker Ryan Harvey.
A new exhibition has opened at Walmer Castle to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of the Duke of Wellington.
Visiting an aquarium can help people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet is developing drones that can be fitted with cameras and lasers to help the airline deal with technical problems.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
PepsiCo is to close its factory in East Durham with the loss of 355 jobs.
A recording studio in north-west London has opened its doors to the public.
Russian authorities have visited dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Moscow.
The use of the swine flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to narcolepsy, according to new research.
The number of UK universities in the top 20 of the world's best-ranked universities has risen sharply, according to a new report.
Two giant Welsh dragons have arrived at Caernarfon Castle to celebrate St David's Day.
A fraudster who embezzled more than Â£4,000 from clients has been given a payback order.
Australia's prime minister is calling for a ban on vaccinating children in childcare centres.
Oscar Pérez, the Venezuelan forensic police officer who carried out a deadly attack on a court in Caracas on Tuesday, is one of the country's most wanted men.
The SNP has been chosen to chair two key committees in the UK Parliament.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of a fungus that causes ash die-back in the UK.
It's almost time for the final presidential debate to get under way.
Residents of San Francisco's most expensive residential street are calling for the city to reverse the sale of the property.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to victory over Gateshead in the National League.
Two men have been found dead on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Skiing Federation has confirmed.
Paris St-Germain striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four matches after he was sent off in Sunday's Serie A defeat by Juventus.
It's one of the biggest health problems in the UK - but what bothers you when adults smoke around you?
Mental health patients at Bracknell Forest Hospital in south London will be asked to give their views on the service they receive.
Plans to introduce a drink-price minimum in England and Wales have been described as a "lottery" and "lacking formality".
Plans for a £100m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the green light by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber struck a hat-trick as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-1 to win the World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "miserable" at the start of the Spanish Grand Prix because his tyres were not ready.
Supporters of Brighton & Hove Albion have called for the club to be fined after homophobic chanting by some of their supporters.
Police are investigating reports that a bonfire in east Belfast has been deliberately set alight.
If Donald Trump is going to win the US presidential election, he's going to have to win some key swing states.
Mariya Purve-Jorendal was born in the Indian city of Pune in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who was jailed for 20 years for murdering women in Greater Manchester could be moved to a high-security prison, the BBC understands.
Plans to convert a Powys high school into a Welsh-medium school have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has confirmed he has left Blink 182.
A woman has been rescued by firefighters after getting stuck in a hole in a car tyre.
Manchester United midfielder Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean", says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said she accepts an investigation into her handling of a corruption scandal.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car in Merthyr Tydfil.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for the abolition of the death penalty in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.
The owners ofunsfold Park airfield in Waverley have lost a High Court bid to overturn planning permission for unrestricted flying of aircraft.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup second-round tie against Newcastle United.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to buy Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com for $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) in cash.
A Conservative MP has said he is "personally very disappointed" that the Welsh Government has broken its manifesto pledge to hold a referendum on tax.
UKIP has set out its plans for a dedicated veterans' minister for the UK, in a bid to boost defence spending.
A round-up of some of the world's most famous and influential figures who have died in recent years.
The government is considering cutting subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of the deaths of 11 Welsh soldiers in World War One is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Jamie Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the men's badminton at the Rio Olympics.
It has been a turbulent week for London Underground.
Coventry City fans have been warned by the club's owners to "keep any protests lawful".
China has pledged to work with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the reconstruction of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
A Staffordshire air ambulance volunteer who was photographed rescuing victims of a rollercoaster crash has thanked David Beckham for his support.
A High Court judge has ruled that Stormont's environment minister Michael Durkan broke ministerial rules in approving a planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League Two rivals Spire.
Hartlepool United's new manager David Hignett says the club are "more than capable of beating teams in this league".
George Cole, who was best known for his role as Arthur Daley in the 1950s horror film Minder, has died at the age of 91.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, following the Bank of England's decision not to raise interest rates.
About 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia says it has launched an investigation into the setting up of a secret office to monitor peace talks between the government and the Farc rebel group.
The Football Association of England has appointed a new director of women's football.
Former Manchester United striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the club's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a box of money after a car was stolen from a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal as he began his first day in office.
The funeral of a couple killed in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear are expected to fetch up to £1m when they are sold at auction next week.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the way the referee dealt with Jack Appiah's challenge on West Ham United's Jack Rennie.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has said he will pay his parking charges if his team win Euro 2016.
Mark Wilson said his record-breaking run at the German Open was the "best match I've ever played" as he set a new world record of five tons.
Shrinking products such as toilet paper, chocolate biscuits and ice creams are among the products that are set to shrink, according to a consumer group.
The remains of a baby girl whose remains were found on a towpath in West Yorkshire have been identified by police.
Britain's Chris Froome was beaten by Jarlinson Pantano on stage 15 of the Tour de France.
The government has confirmed most of its preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham.
Chesterfield came from behind to beat Barnsley and increase their lead at the top of League One.
French energy giant EDF has said it expects to give the go-ahead for a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman who was barred from flying to the United States because of new US visa rules has criticised the move.
Schools in Wales are not giving enough support to able and talented pupils, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A teenager who bit off part of a man's ear with his teeth has been jailed for five years.
Australia's immigration authorities are threatening health workers with up to two years in prison if they reveal protected information about their treatment of asylum seekers.
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named National Book of the Year.
Who better than the contestants on The Great British Bake Off?
An investigation into the management of a cancer hospital in Withington has been launched by the health regulator.
Scientists have recreated the mouth of a mollusc that lived 520 million years ago.
Independent News & Media is considering moving out of its premises in Belfast city centre.
The families of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Powys have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to remove immunity from prosecution over their deaths.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stolen car was stolen from a farm.
Plaid Cymru's former presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said the party faces a "serious constitutional challenge" over its future in the Welsh Assembly.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has caused a number of companies to change their business models.
The "us versus them" rhetoric used by world leaders has reached a level not seen since the 1930s, Amnesty International says.
There has been a lot of talk about junior doctors' strikes in England this week.
Bath have held talks with Racing 92 about signing Wales lock Luke Charteris.
Some of the notebooks and diaries of World War One poet Edward Thomas are in "very poor condition", a university has said.
Worcestershire's Matt Machan hit a career-best 91 not out to help his side fight back against Sussex on day two at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi has backed Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola to make a "big revolution" in English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital in the past three months, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will face stern punishment if they try to attack trains, India's railways minister has said.
The organisers of the Tour de France are asking people to knit miniature bicycle pullovers in Cambridge in a bid to raise awareness of the event.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged assault in Londonderry.
Tunisia's tourism industry is under serious threat, with tens of thousands of tourists heading to the country for the first time in more than two years.
A Florida man accused of setting fire to a mosque that was attended by the gunman who killed 49 people last year has been arrested.
Volunteers at bothies in the Cairngorms have been asked to help clean up the mountain bothies after a rise in the number of people using them.
Catalans Dragons secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought victory at Wakefield.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has extended his contract with the Premiership club until the end of the season.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has confirmed.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the season as they thrashed Partick Thistle at Celtic Park.
Montrose boosted their Scottish League Two play-off hopes with a comfortable win over Montrose.
Championship side Burnley have signed former Burnley defender Chris Jones on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £20,000 from a fraudulent account.
League Two side MK Dons have signed Bradford City striker Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has threatened to cut off cash transfers to Mexico if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
A Conservative AM will not be re-selected for the assembly election in May, the party has confirmed.
Bairns manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the BBC Scottish Manager of the Year award.
A celebrity who wants to publish an account of his alleged extra-marital affairs to the Sun on Sunday has been given more time to apply for a permanent injunction.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has come under fire for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Championship club.
The head of a lion shot dead in Zimbabwe is to be mounted in a glass case as a memorial to the animal's killer, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose scored a stoppage-time penalty to earn Charlton a point at Gillingham.
Thousands of high earners are set to lose child benefit, the government has announced.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Alan Curtis has been appointed Swansea City's new manager on a two-year contract.
A youth football club has cancelled all of its matches after a caravan parked next to its changing rooms.
France has reopened some of its cultural institutions following the Paris attacks in which 129 people were killed.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup by the Organising Committee.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by seven wickets at Lord's to reach the One-Day Cup second round.
The chief executive of a hospital criticised by the health watchdog has told MPs he is "not ashamed of himself" over the way it was rated.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Londonderry.
The number of dogs seized by police in Wales has fallen to its lowest level in five years, new figures show.
Heather Rabbatts is to step down as chairman of the Football Association after five years in the role.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest one-day international century of his career as England beat Pakistan by six wickets in the final match of the three-match series.
The families of a couple killed in a crash involving a car and two cyclists have paid tribute to them.
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has been bought by Michelin, the Michelin Group's parent company.
A new report on the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists.
Surrey all-rounder Danny Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Virtual buttons have been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
Two fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
The centre-right Civic Platform party has won a majority in Poland's parliament.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump has said he fears the US presidential election will be rigged.
A man's death could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City.
Castleford Tigers prop Mark Garbutt has accepted a two-match touchline ban for punching a player during Saturday's defeat by Catalans Dragons.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a yachtsman who went missing last month.
Falkirk and Clackmannanshire councils have been awarded £30m to help fund a £150m social housing investment.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent dominated day three against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa looks at the life of a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to Battersea has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Cross-border rail services between Wales and England are likely to be placed into other franchises, the transport secretary has said.
Astronaut Tim Peake and his team have found a hidden Space Invaders game on the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel popular with tourists in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, officials say.
A 47-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who says he lost contact with his family when he crossed the border into Pakistan 15 years ago has returned home.
The security firm mSpy has admitted that up to 80,000 customer details have been exposed in a massive data leak.
Twitter's boss told Newsbeat he was "very concerned" about the company's handling of abuse on the site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has asked Fifa to publish a report into allegations of bribery at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is facing an ultimatum from his fellow shareholders that he will step down.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo has published documents that it says show former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
A third migrant has died trying to cross the English Channel from Calais to the UK.
Yafai retained his IBF super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Wladimir Klitschko in Birmingham.
An open-air car park in Hampshire which was closed for more than a year because of a row over its opening hours has reopened.
A Sinn Féin MLA has issued an apology to a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) MP over a tweet in which he asked him to reveal his past.
The Pakistan Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) says it has been "embarrassed" by the US raid on the compound of Osama Bin Laden.
A US teenager who posted drone videos on YouTube is taking legal action against the university he was expelled for posting the videos.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time in 50 years as part of a £25m road transformation.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
Asian shares fell on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision.
Iran's moderate and reformist parties have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves is the perfect fit for Pedro Caixinha's plans for the Ibrox side, according to former Scotland defender Mick McCarthy.
Mae Gadair eleni yn cael eu llifio o goed yn ôl yng Nghaerdydd.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash at the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 pharmacists in India are going on strike in a dispute over online drug sales.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has given his first endorsement to Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska.
A restorationist has said he is "devastated" after his garden was flooded by torrential rain.
When Nick Griffin was expelled from the British National Party (BNP) in 2009, what did he mean by that?
A new programme aimed at helping children cope with the transition from primary to secondary school has been launched in Northern Ireland.
Three sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been found safe and well.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a new deal for Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
An Isle of Man businessman has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
It's not every day you get the chance to propose a bill to the House of Commons.
The US says it will release a further instalment of funds to Iran as part of a deal on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 71-60 by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the fatal shootings of four police officers in Dallas, Texas.
An Australian plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Papua New Guinea after a snake was found clinging to the wing.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the online news site Business Insider.
Families in Warrington are to be offered free travel to a community leisure centre to encourage them to take up swimming.
The European Space Agency's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 planets in the Solar System.
The DSPCA has launched an investigation into an attempt to smuggle more than 100 puppies into the Republic of Ireland.
EU migrants should not be given in-work benefits, former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
A Grade II-listed building in Durham is set to be demolished, Durham University has said.
An amateur astronomy group has won an award for the best place in the Cotswolds to view the night sky.
A body has been found in the River Taff in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop powered to victory in the opening practice session of the Ulster Grand Prix.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
The union Aslef has accused ScotRail of "shambolic" industrial relations after the operator announced it would cut services on Sundays.
Hungary will not backtrack on its controversial higher education laws, Foreign Minister Ferenc Szijjarto has said.
When you look at Jesus, the homeless, it is easy to see why.
A security flaw in Topps' payment cards has exposed the personal details of more than 100,000 customers, the company has said.
India thrashed South Africa by seven wickets to take a 3-0 lead in the three-match series.
The number of motorists caught using mobile phones in Wales has more than doubled in a year, new figures have shown.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a Carmarthenshire farm.
Council-owned cemeteries in Oxford are to close after the last increase in burial space in the county was approved.
Singer Chris Brown has been shot dead at a party in California.
The US is to resume the sale of combat aircraft to Nigeria after the Nigerian government halted the deal last month, US officials say.
MPs have backed an amendment to make it illegal for women to have sex-selective abortions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans for 4,000 new homes in a Surrey district have been given the go-ahead.
Food security around the world is at risk because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A man who defrauded theatre companies out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement is unsure whether John Terry will stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The DUP's Gavin Robinson has criticised those campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
Taliban militants in Afghanistan have killed the head of the country's counter crime department, Gen Zafar Zahir, officials say.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to reach 14,500 by 2035, according to a new report.
Some butterflies could be wiped out in the UK as a result of global warming up to 2100, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
A Cardiff-based software company is creating 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most controversial topics in Africa this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man in Essex.
A father and son have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to new figures.
Tony Ball is to host the nominations for this year's Olivier Awards, it has been announced.
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 300th anniversary of Capability Brown's designs.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has described their celebrations as "a dream".
Scotland's small and medium-sized businesses are in a stronger position than a year ago, according to restructuring firm KPMG.
Cavan, Monaghan and Fermanagh have all made changes to their squad for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who gave information to a drug dealer he met at a gym has been jailed for three years.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his landlord to death with a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Viewsnight looks at how Islam has changed over the past 20 years.
A Scottish man who had been missing in India for more than a month has been found, the Foreign Office has said.
Patient safety in the NHS's 999 and 111 phone lines will be "stabilised" due to staffing shortages, a report has said.
Nottingham Forest striker Chris Green says his time at Mansfield Town was over because he was not getting the respect he deserved.
GB Taekwondo has been criticised over the treatment of its athletes, according to the Manchester Evening News.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season as they drew with Sussex at Hove.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who stole more than £33,000 from his victims has been given a suspended jail term.
A senior Jamaican anti-doping officer has warned that the country's athletes may have failed a drugs test.
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy coach on a two-year contract.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with a comfortable win over Blackpool.
The story of the UK's future in the European Union is one of the most important stories in the EU referendum campaign.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos to a military cemetery in Manila.
Police investigating slavery in the Black Country have released images of five men they want to speak to.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has reached record levels, according to the UN refugee agency.
An elderly woman has been given a new bicycle after it was stolen from a supermarket.
Relatives of the seven people who died when a police helicopter crashed into a Glasgow bar have said they have "no resolution" to the tragedy.
Mario Balotelli has threatened to leave the pitch if he is found guilty of racially abusing another AC Milan player.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of a rollercoaster crash in Staffordshire.
Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by a film critics' magazine.
David Sweat, one of two US convicts who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York state, has been captured, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell in key markets.
In this series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and writer Farai Sevenzo looks at how a Cambodian fishing community has turned its fortunes around.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the implications of the attacks.
All photographs by Susie Attwood / Oxford University
A man has appeared in court following an investigation into the sale of drugs in West Lothian.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says finishing top of their Euro 2016 group is a "fantastic feeling".
The number of teacher vacancies in Scotland has fallen sharply in recent years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Actor George Clooney has surprised residents at a care home with flowers and a card.
The cause of a sinkhole which closed a major road in Hertfordshire for more than a year has been identified.
Everton have signed Leicester City director of football Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters and Robbie Keane have been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers against Sweden and Italy on Tuesday.
Saracens flanker Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie who found a postcard in his doormat has said he thinks it might have fallen down the toilet.
Goals from Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon helped Sutton United reach the third round of the FA Cup at the expense of League Two Cheltenham.
Caravan, a Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones is to be published in June.
The former head of the Independent Inquiry into Torture Claims (IHAT) has said the government has "big lessons to learn" from its decision to close the unit.
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, Ikechukwu Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in London.
A "hands-on" job is being advertised at a Peebles hotel as part of its Blue Monday celebrations.
Scotland full-back Tim Visser says his side will not be "half-hearted" when they face South Africa in the opening match of their World Cup campaign.
More than 120 people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who stopped to feed her baby in public.
Fleetwood reached the second round of the FA Cup thanks to a 4-1 extra-time win over League One side Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has secured relief in her legal challenge.
It's that time of year again when the BBC is looking for a local artist to be honoured with a blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter criticising the government's approach to the NHS in England.
Mexican authorities say they have delivered more than 100 tons of corn to farmers who have been blocking roads in the southern state of Oaxaca since June.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not resign from the government.
A £10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer of Caroline McKeich.
Antonio Giaccherini and Pelle scored as Italy beat Belgium to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championship.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Race to Dubai after a three-under-par third-round 66 at Royal Birkdale.
Olympic silver medallist Chris Swift has announced his retirement from Skeleton.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a former Conservative MP was mistakenly sent to a hospital mortuary in Birmingham.
Plans to create 15 new jobs in Cambridgeshire have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Mark Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time with victory in the semi-finals in Melbourne.
Heavy snow has fallen across parts of northern England, causing travel disruption and disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "a feeble public relations effort" to undermine the credibility of its report.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Mark Phillips says a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua would be "a dream come true".
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they are "litering" after their Scottish Cup final defeat by Falkirk.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former West Bromwich Albion midfielder Ben Weston on a free transfer.
The former department store chain BHS is to open a new online shop in the UK, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
When Joba Rani took out her first microfinance loan after her crops were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she was shocked to discover that the banks were still collecting instalments on the loans.
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre, the US attorney general has said.
A long-running strike by Luas bus drivers in the Republic of Ireland has been resolved.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages over allegations he illegally traded oil with the Islamic State (IS) group.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to stop talks on a controversial trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the signing of former Bolton Wanderers striker Chris Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first win of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists have developed a gene editing technique that can kill tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", has been sold to a private company.
The Nobel Peace Prize for Peace has been awarded to five women at a ceremony in Oslo.
Belfast Capitals moved to within two points of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 2-1 win over the Capitals on Friday night.
Great Britain's Laura Belcher secured a place at the Rio Paralympics with a fifth-place finish in the K1 200m final at the European Championships in Milan.
Three people have been seriously injured after a rollercoaster crashed at Alton Towers in Coventry.
A man has been arrested in Sydney, Australia, on suspicion of terror offences, police say.
Australia's Border Force says seven asylum seekers who allegedly participated in unrest at a detention centre on Christmas Island are being transferred to the mainland.
Meat inspectors in the UK will no longer be able to check for diseased parts of animals' heads under new rules.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Svetlana Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and daughter have been found guilty of neglect after a teenager slipped out of his rubber ring during a swimming lesson.
A building has collapsed in the centre of the Italian city of Naples, killing at least seven people.
Gateshead have completed the signing of former Hartlepool United defender Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Sir Tim Peake has been quizzing schoolchildren about life in space during a live broadcast from the World Museum.
A Polish man has been jailed for attacking his four-month-old son in a "cowardly" attack.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the top 10 winner of a prestigious international education prize.
The north Wales region should be given more power to work better with the cities of Manchester and Liverpool, the head of the "Northern Powerhouse" has said.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Gary Jones on a two-year deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to the best album award at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his side's resilience after they came from behind to beat West Brom.
Plans to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland have been backed by the UK government.
A dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globe Awards has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles, police say.
Radiohead have recorded a new Bond theme tune for the upcoming film Spectre.
Matt Jackson scored the only goal as Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup.
Police officers in England and Wales are being paid an overtime bill of more than £300,000, the BBC has learned.
Archaeologists have discovered walling at Edinburgh Castle dating back more than 1,000 years.
A Canadian ice cream company has stepped in to save a rural school from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked following a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
The man who built the iPod and iPhone is about to go head-to-head with his former boss, Sir Jonathan Sir Jonathan.
The Football Association has backed Uefa president Michel Platini in his bid to become Fifa's next president.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move within a point of the League One play-offs.
Plans for a £1bn golf and golf facility in Stirlingshire have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA is warning people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs.
Ed Miliband has always been a man of few words.
A Russian fighter jet has made a low-altitude pass over a US aircraft in the Black Sea, US officials say.
Snapchat, the US messaging service, says it has seen a record number of videos viewed on its platform in the past year.
The number of people using Three has been hit by a technical fault, the company has said.
An all-girls school in Sydney has banned students from clapping during the assembly.
A UKIP MEP has topped a list of the most recognisable Welsh MEPs since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
When Bruno Tonioli was diagnosed with depression in 2006, his name was changed to "Bonkers Bruno Locked Up".
Teenage Welsh taekwondo star Jade Williams says winning gold at the European Championships is a "massive bonus".
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against David Ortiz in Las Vegas on 11 November.
Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) staff have been barred from entering the headquarters of the football federation in Abuja.
One of the UK's most endangered birds, the curlew, has been added to a list of conservation concerns.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to face Slovenia and Slovenia.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has been awarded the prestigious Goncourt Prize for his book The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Daniel Levy is three shots off the lead after the first round of the German Open.
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
The US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan says it has killed two Afghan soldiers in a "green-on-blue" attack.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be crucial in deciding who will make his final Scotland squad.
Port Vale manager Peter Smurthwaite says he expects to be offered a new contract by Championship clubs in the coming weeks.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector has contracted for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored a late own goal as Roma beat Genoa to move up to fourth in Serie A.
Victims of the "worst journey on earth" during World War II have been awarded medals by the Russian government.
Three men have been charged with the attempted murder of a former security officer in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Taylor Swift's new album has topped the UK album chart for the first time in more than a decade.
Human remains found on a slip road in Shropshire have been identified, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen sharply, the health ministry says.
It may seem odd to cancel free lunches for all children in the first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction sector shrank by less than previously thought in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's uncharacteristically undiplomatic comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are being scrutinised by Chinese state media.
Dean Keates has been appointed Wrexham's new manager on a two-year contract.
A man has been jailed for six months after being caught with more than half a kilo of cannabis.
How do you cut down on air pollution?
Jazz fans in the United States have been paying tribute to an 11-year-old boy who has been nominated for the Grammy award.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has called on the German government to take a stand over the Thalidomide scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has made some startling new discoveries about Comet 67P.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been urged to withdraw from the race after a video emerged in which he said women could "grab them by the pussy".
A South African court has ordered the arrest of an expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial, local media report.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Andyomic says he is "disgraceful" and "disrespectful" to the sport after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round.
Barcelona forward Neymar has been ordered to pay a fine of 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) in connection with a tax fraud case.
Fidel Castro, the son of former Cuban leader Raul Castro, has died at the age of 90.
A 13-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in Blackburn.
Neurotribes, a book about autism, has been shortlisted for the Samuel Johnson Prize for Science Fiction.
Goalscorer Alex Danson has been named in Great Britain's squad for the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister has said the discovery of a black beret in the house of his mother was a "moment in time".
The number of people in Northern Ireland who have travelled to the Republic of Ireland has risen by more than 50% in the past year.
A County Tyrone man has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of a woman by careless driving.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, the toddler whose body was washed up on the Greek island of Kos.
South Africa scrum-half Thierry van Rooyen believes the Pro12 could help the national side gain financial stability in Europe.
Israel did not intend to cause the deaths of more than 2,000 Palestinians during the 2014 Gaza war, a UN report has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Germany at Hampden on Monday has been described as one of the worst in recent memory.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can end a run of three straight defeats if he beats German Alexander Braehmer.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill, including Coast Scene near Cannes and View From a Bathing Hut at the Miami Surf Club, has been accepted by the government.
It is a Saturday morning in Manchester, and the city is still reeling from the terror attack at the Arena.
A woman has been attacked with a crowbar during a robbery in Belfast city centre.
Pop star Tinie Tempah is sitting in the studio at his home in Peckham, east London, listening to his latest album.
Aquascutum, the British company famous for its trench coats, is set to be sold.
Customers at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire have received double the amount of money they were asked to withdraw.
An Oxford University building is to be closed while experts carry out remedial works after asbestos was found in the air.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
More than 7,000 new doctor training places are to be offered to students from disadvantaged backgrounds in England.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Premiership leaders Saracens thrashed Bath at the Aviva Stadium.
League Two side Yeovil Town have signed Ospreys' Sam Kashket and Southampton's Jordan Gape on loan deals.
When it comes to returning to the English Football League, there is no shortage of managers who have done it.
A woman has described how she was "lovebombed" with more than £300,000 in a scam dating website.
A court in Japan has ruled that women should be allowed to take their husband's surname after marriage.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens hopes Ospreys' recent run of form will not be a "huge step back" in the Pro12.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Ben Read hopes this year's One-Day Cup final will be the club's "best ever" in the competition.
The Strictly Come Dancing finalist says he was "gutted" when he found out he was suffering from depression.
As Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney considers his options for the White House, here are some of the key names he will need to consider.
Afghanistan's opium cultivation has increased by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
The UK Supreme Court has ruled that parents can take their children on holiday during a school term.
Claims that former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath sexually abused children in Salisbury in the 1990s are being investigated by police.
For many years the one year deferral period for blood donation has been a barrier for gay men who have had sex with another man.
Saracens have signed England lock Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of the country's €7.2bn (£5.3bn) bailout.
It's been three years since England's first Test victory over Australia at Lord's.
Warwickshire beat Lancashire by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup after rain forced play to be abandoned.
The Six Nations could be cut from seven weeks to six because of the intensity of the game, says Wales Rugby Union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been recovered during a search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
Work to restore a Victorian cemetery in Wrexham has begun.
NHS staff could be recruited to help cover the growing number of doctor shortages, a report has suggested.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo after a fresh ceasefire came into effect, aid agencies say.
At least 140 Libyan soldiers have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the east of the country, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were a student?
Labour's shadow education secretary Helen Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet.
England will face Scotland in a two-legged play-off at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia may be at an "all-time low".
It's been a year since Cheshire became part of the Northern Powerhouse.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following an attack at a hotel in north Belfast.
Uganda and Uganda say their troops in Somalia have not been paid a $1m (Â£1.3m) stipend due to them this year.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of funding terrorism, Australian police have said.
A 3D printer has been developed for the US space agency, Nasa.
Professional dogs have been found to be effective at keeping gulls away from beaches in the US.
A bird of prey has been shot in the head in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
Jeremy Corbyn is facing an uphill battle to win the Labour leadership.
Police have been asked to apply for extra powers to stop and search during the Champions League in Cardiff.
A grassroots environmental campaigner in Cambodia has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work on the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen scored a stoppage-time penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium.
The world's poorest countries are the most vulnerable to child marriage, according to a new report by Save the Children.
England international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Sunderland.
British author William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has been found guilty of having sex with a schoolgirl.
A man from Bristol has won the world's largest pumpkin seed competition.
McLaren chief executive Jean-Claude Boullier says his team are fighting for a world title by the end of the season.
David Cameron has defended his government's plans for free childcare for three and four-year-olds in England.
A Plaid Cymru leader has said she would like to see income tax up for higher earners in Wales, once powers are devolved.
Leyton Orient midfielder Ben Watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a serious leg injury.
A crowd of 500 people has gathered outside Chelmsford theatre to watch the Labour leadership contest.
Munster will investigate whether they broke concussion management rules during their European Cup quarter-final win over Glasgow.
MSPs are to examine the payment of returning officers to Scottish councils.
Police are investigating the sudden death of a 52-year-old man in the Stevenson area of Glasgow.
Sarah Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's transfer activity this summer.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has been accused of breaching the ministerial code by unilaterally approving a major retail development plan in Belfast.
Gloucestershire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Glamorgan in Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek committee approval for a flood protection scheme which could cost up to £17.8m.
Farmers in England are being urged to take action to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
An 86-year-old woman has completed the London Marathon.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "political football of the worst kind" over the future of a North West Leicestershire by-election.
Michael Johnston has stepped down as Kilmarnock chairman and majority shareholder following the club's sale of the Park Hotel.
More than 100 men from around the UK have attended a conference in Sheffield to highlight the need for men to report domestic abuse.
Everton made a winning start to their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over Krasnodar.
Jockey James Buick has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae in a fall.
Millions of people across Scotland are watching the UK general election.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager for the long term, says manager Craig Shakespeare.
The SDLP has called for an urgent inquiry into the number of unaccompanied children who have gone missing in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has declared a national day of mourning for the victims of Monday's attacks in Paris.
The M1 motorway has been closed in both directions for more than 24 hours after a passenger plane made an emergency landing.
The hit US TV series Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Mark Haldane, has warned that interest rates could rise "on either foot depending on which way the data break".
Leicestershire Speedway have secured a deal to keep the team in the Premier League for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty has risen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a government report.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 19th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Victims of sexual abuse and grooming in Rotherham have told the BBC they are "too afraid to have ever gone to the law".
Sam Allardyce says he will not be distracted by his new England team as they prepare for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Birmingham railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any duplication of European defence projects, the defence secretary has said.
The bodies of five people who died when a helicopter crashed in the Rhinog mountains have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed by a US drone strike in Helmand province.
A cycle hire scheme has returned to Oxfordshire.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed observer mission.
A US appeals court has ruled that an uncredited sample of Madonna's Vogue should not be considered a copyright infringement.
Plans to build a new dual carriageway in a Swansea town have been given the go ahead by the Welsh Government.
King George VI's grand piano has been restored to its rightful home at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its Android smartphone.
A replica of the cane used by Oscar-winning director David Attenborough is expected to fetch up to £10,000 at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has apologised.
Labour would introduce a law to end the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison's decision to sell his shareholding in Motherwell to a community group has been a huge step forward for the Scottish Premiership club.
Blackpool FC fans are being urged to come forward to help solve the murder of a schoolgirl more than a decade ago.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by 0.5% over the past year, according to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG).
The NHS in England has opened a new centre for veterans with complex trauma injuries, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of portraits of people who have been painted or photographed by its current staff and students.
Derbyshire head coach Danny Wilson is confident his side can reach the T20 Blast quarter-finals despite their shock exit from the group stage.
England's women's football team will not be able to compete at this summer's Olympics in Rio, says head coach Graham Sampson.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Critics' Circle awards.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award for his book about soldiers returning from war in Afghanistan.
The British and Irish Lions will "take interest" from selectors after David Duckett and Chris Bell-Drummond hit centuries in their tri-series win over Pakistan, says former national team coach David Flower.
I am an avid matchbox collector and have amassed a collection of more than 25,000 records.
A lot of athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is no reason why the Bahrain Grand Prix should be cancelled.
Michelle Dockery and West have joined the cast of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Arsenal midfielder Tarek Hamed has been left out of Egypt's 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a raft of talent for this year's festival.
A gas explosion which killed a man was "like an airstrike", a paramedic has told an inquest.
A baker has made a special Harry Potter cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
Dozens of shops in Venezuela have been looted in an attempt to ease food shortages, officials say.
A lettings agency in south London is claiming more than £11,000 in housing benefit, according to documents obtained by the BBC.
Scotland must be "smarter and clever" if they are to beat France at Twickenham on Saturday, says head coach Greig Laidlaw.
As Australia prepares to become the first country in the world to allow same-sex couples to get married, what will the impact be on the country's economy?
South Korean lawmakers have broken the record for the longest filibustering session in parliamentary history.
Voters across the UK are voting to decide who will run the country this summer.
The Royal Mint has issued commemorative coins to celebrate the birth of a baby.
Japan and South Korea have held high-level talks in Tokyo to try to ease tensions between the two countries.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has suffered a "severe" ankle injury in the 1-1 draw with Spain, says Roy Hodgson.
The inquest into the death of murdered schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful militant groups.
An SNP MP who found a toy bunny by the gates of the Palace of Westminster has returned it to its owner.
A US court has ordered a Russian woman to hand over a fingerprint sensor to police in order to decrypt data on her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes his side still have a chance of reaching the last 16 of the Champions League.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
WBA world lightweight champion John McDonnell will make his return to the UK for the first time since 2014 when he takes on Mexico's Julio Rosas.
Mark Carney's decision to extend his term as governor of the Bank of England was the most significant in the Bank's history.
A review into the end-of-life care system for dying patients in England is likely to recommend it be scrapped.
Four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home.
Canadian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of stealing more than $3m (£1.2m) in stolen credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless" attack, the RSPCA said.
One of New Zealand's longest-living wild pelicans, Lanky, has died at the age of 90.
Boys have overtaken girls in top A-level grades for the first time in England, official results show.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to ensure their children are vaccinated against measles following an outbreak at a nursery.
Macedonia's President Aleksandar Ivanov has said he will cut a "tangled knot" in the country's political crisis.
The Prince of Wales has delivered the original message of victory to the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo.
The Russian state was likely to have been involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, an inquiry has heard.
More than 1.4 million more children are now in "good" or "outstanding" schools in England, Chancellor Philip Hammond has said in his Autumn Statement.
The use of cashless payments to pay for school meals has to stop, an AM has said.
A new approach to fighting HIV has been shown to be safe and effective, a study suggests.
Seven police officers are being questioned over the "serious hand injuries" suffered by a prisoner in custody, it has emerged.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing emerging economies, thanks to its high rate of economic growth and low unemployment.
Dover Athletic have been granted permission to sign former Barnet and Eastleigh player David N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he is "grateful" for Kane Hemmings after the striker scored his 25th goal of the season.
The Royal British Legion is asking people to "rethink" their remembrance of those who have served in the armed forces.
Brian Graham's late strike secured Linlithgow's place in the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup at the expense of Ross County.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the North American box office in its first week of release, breaking a box office record.
Tony Award-winning composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has said he feels "more excited" about musicals than ever before.
An app that would alert people to the risks posed by natural disasters could be developed by a university student.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Paul Berners-Lee looks at the most viral videos and memes of 2015.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in Bridgend.
French police say they have foiled a terror attack in the capital, Paris, which left 12 people dead.
The Duke of Edinburgh is to announce his retirement from the Royal Family in August.
Plans to demolish flats in Wrexham have been approved by the local council.
A man has told a court he was shot in the leg by a gunman with a stocking over his head.
It's been more than a year since Taylor Swift announced she was leaving Spotify.
Jenson Button says he is "worried" about safety on the new Azerbaijan Grand Prix track.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has staged an impromptu protest on the streets of the capital to demand the suspension of several police officers.
Police have said they have made "significant successes" in dismantling organised crime in Scotland.
Tickets for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than 24 hours.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has said he would probably race again in 2015, despite admitting he used performance-enhancing drugs.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" after reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Martin McGuinness is one of the fastest motorcyclists in the world.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells believes he is in a good position to challenge for the County Championship title this season.
A stone believed to have been on Chapel Hill for thousands of years may have to be moved after it was allegedly hit by a car.
A woman who raised more than £330,000 for disabled pensioner John Barnes has been charged with attempted murder.
Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will set aside £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
A 17th Century painting has been bought by the National Trust for Wales for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed if funding is cut by the Welsh government, the BBC has learned.
The South African Supreme Court has told the High Court in Pretoria that it is time for the government to take a break from the courts.
Turkish authorities have lifted a ban on women wearing headscarves in state institutions.
Five UK universities have received GCHQ-approved master's degrees in cyber security.
A man who beat his mother to death in a "vile" attack at her Norwich home has been jailed for eight years.
Violent clashes have erupted in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the conflict in Syria.
A teenager who lost two teeth when he was bitten by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol was told he had an accident with his own teeth, a BBC investigation has found.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Marciano on a three-year deal.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe has died at the age of 87, his family has confirmed.
The UK government's aid agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office for spending over £5,000 on travel costs.
A man who spent more than 40 years locked up in a Birmingham jail has said he will continue fighting for his life after his conviction was quashed.
Labour has said it will oppose plans to hold a referendum on EU membership on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham.
Jules Bianchi's father says he believes the Italian Formula 1 driver will survive a serious head injury sustained in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Legal services firm Axiom is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast as part of a £1m investment by Invest NI.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary at a house in which items were stolen.
Northern Ireland's Craig Farmer moved into second place in the World Superbike Championship standings with victory at the Knockhill round on Saturday.
UK retail sales growth slowed in the first quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The Gambia has pulled out of the Commonwealth, saying it will no longer be a member of the organisation.
A social worker has been found guilty of failing to check on mentally ill men in Vale of Glamorgan.
The UK should start formal negotiations to leave the European Union within two years, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will require police agencies to obtain a warrant to search mobile phones in urban areas.
The Gambia has suspended diplomatic relations with Cuba following the death of President Yahya Jammeh.
The family of a dog which was removed from a County Antrim park has been given an exemption to return him to his home.
Everton are in talks with Manchester City over the signing of England defender John Stones.
High winds and heavy rain have caused widespread disruption in parts of the Republic of Ireland.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash involving two cars.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United.
A new penalty shootout system is to be introduced in the Carabao Cup, Checkatrade Trophy and EFL play-offs.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for the Royal British Legion for more than 50 years has died.
A woman has told an inquest into the death of County Donegal teenager Arlene Arkinson that she thought she was going to be raped.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he accepts tough new austerity measures imposed by his government after a parliamentary vote on a bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK will be voting in the general election on 8 June.
Yorkshire are considering moving their first day-night Test match to Headingley.
A Henry Moore sculpture has been returned to Tower Hamlets after a High Court battle with the council over its sale to the Tate Gallery.
A County Londonderry man accused of driving without a licence has asked a judge to postpone his court appearance so he can go on holiday.
A contestant on the Miss Universe pageant has been criticised for saying healthcare was a "privilege" and not a right.
A website called YouTube is trying to crack down on fake views on the site.
China may have lost control of its first trial space station after it fell into the atmosphere, according to reports.
Chicken is one of the most sought-after delicacies in the world of food.
David Cameron has been told his father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke.
Syrian government forces have begun evacuating the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens head coach Stuart McCall says there is no reason why the club can't improve.
A statue of baseball legend Dickie Bird has been removed from a plinth in his home town to make it more difficult to reach it.
Retail bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "catastrophic for millions of ordinary families".
Paul Scholes has returned to the Manchester United squad for the start of the new season.
The Samba school in Rio de Janeiro has won the city's annual carnival championship.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to meet its renewable energy targets, a leading environmental campaigner has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time since 2001, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Northern Ireland women won the 400m at the Vaasa European Indoor Championships in Italy.
All young people should register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales could have a new right to challenge police decisions, under Labour's election manifesto.
Peter Chase was a successful potato farmer, but he also had a knack for making crisps.
Syria says it has intercepted two shipments of banned chemical weapons on its way to the Mediterranean coast.
A six-year-old girl died after falling into a swimming pool during a birthday party, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire's Mitch Mitchell and Brett D'Oliveira both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at The Oval.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes is likely to result in a one-time flushing of black money out of the system, according to a leading economist.
Oxford moved up to third in League One with victory over 10-man Bradford.
A council has rejected plans for a large residential development on land earmarked for employment, the BBC has learned.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Tom Hiddleston has denied reports that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The Lord Chief Justice has said the UK government has a legal obligation to ensure the legacy inquests of the Troubles are heard as quickly as possible.
Nottinghamshire maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with a seven-wicket win over Surrey.
The last two journalists to work in Fleet Street are to retire at the end of the week.
A GP surgery in New Zealand has been rated "good" by the health watchdog following a second inspection.
At Singapore's second-largest university, Singapore University (SMU), a group of students are taking part in a lecture.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to nine points as they beat Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Australia's Tommy Fleetwood both missed the cut at the US Open.
A new mental health academy is being set up in West Berkshire to help reduce the number of patients waiting for help.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British woman jailed in Iran has said he is "frightened" by the outcome of her appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is relishing the prospect of playing at Royal Troon for the first time since 2004.
Arsenal defender Alex O'Connell has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton has had its funding withdrawn from the Olympic and Paralympic programme by UK Sport.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in County Fermanagh.
A German man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist by careless driving in Gwynedd.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Blackpool have signed England Under-17 striker Ben Allsop on a season-long loan deal, while midfielder Ryan Cooke has joined on a permanent deal.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
More than 60,000 people have attended events across Lincolnshire to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the largest egg.
A GP who stole more than £100,000 from his practice in Lincolnshire has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Jamie Hardie is sitting in a dark alleyway in the middle of a theme park in New Zealand.
Indonesian social media users have been using the hashtag #KamiTidakTakut to express their sympathy for the victims of bomb attacks in the capital, Jakarta.
Scottish engineering company Hutchinson Engineering has announced plans to create 100 new jobs at its Kilrea site in County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-growing and gambling resort.
Conor McGregor says he is "not prepared to fight in the deepest of trenches" after lighter gloves were given the go-ahead for his fight with Floyd Mayweather on Saturday.
Plans to build 500 homes on an allotment near Leatherhead have been approved by a Surrey council.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
A bid has been made for the South Yorkshire TV station Bay TV to be sold, the BBC understands.
Togolese football fans have paid tribute to former coach Big Boss Keshi, who died on Saturday.
Two off-duty police officers have been arrested in connection with a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in Salford, police have said.
A Russian airliner has crashed in Egypt, killing all 224 people on board, officials say.
Real Madrid have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A bug in a bear that could have let an attacker spy on its young owner has been discovered by four security firms.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been convicted of rape as a war crime by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
When Malala Yousafzai was five years old, she lived in a Taliban-controlled area of Pakistan.
Chelsea's team have taken part in a parade to celebrate their Premier League title win.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the world championship.
As the UK prepares to begin the process of leaving the European Union, one of the biggest legal battles in the UK's history is taking place.
Seachill is one of the biggest food companies in the UK and it's reviewing its pay arrangements after the introduction of the national living wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at an unauthorised rally in the city of St Petersburg, activists say.
Banking giant Hays has said it is "too early to tell" whether the Brexit vote will have a long-term impact on its business.
Samsung is to allow ad-blockers to be added to its Android operating system as part of an update to its mobile operating system.
US consumer sentiment has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who were jailed for sexually abusing two young boys have won their battle to be able to identify them.
Four people have been arrested as part of an anti-abuse campaign ahead of England's Euro 2016 match against Russia on Saturday.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by cycling to work, a charity has said.
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of raids on properties in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he is not concerned about injuries to strikers Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson ahead of the new season.
Britain's Kyle Edmund will play in Friday's Davis Cup quarter-final against Serbia at Alexandra Palace.
Wigan Warriors captain Tomkins says he could return to the Super League in the future.
Wigan Warriors kept alive their hopes of a place in the Super League play-offs with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she is "encouraged hope and confidence" in her future as a teacher.
Scientists have shown that sandstone can control the shape of some of the world's most famous landmarks.
The Met Office has issued the first high wind warning of the season for parts of northern and western Scotland.
Using whole brain radiotherapy to treat secondary brain tumours does not improve survival rates, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the season.
Josh Taylor is targeting a world title fight against Ricky Burns in Edinburgh next month.
Aberdeen have signed Scotland international striker Stevie May on a four-year deal.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and Shia protesters in the eastern Saudi province of Qatif, activists say.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she never shied away from taking responsibility for the party's loss of 40 MPs in May.
A woman who found a golden shell and a golden train hidden in an art gallery has said she has been "honoured" by the discovery.
An inquest into the death of a teenage soldier at Deepcut barracks is to be held in February, a coroner has ruled.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered schoolgirl Paige Jones.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched at a former RAF base in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Peter Treacy has expressed "major concerns" over the way the sport is being run in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of British aid worker John Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be eradicated.
Tom Trott hit a century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final.
Haiti's Senate has voted to accept the resignation of President Joseph Privert, the country's interim president.
The data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered, the country's investigation committee says.
Extremism is spreading, threatening and taking lives, not just in our countries but in other lands, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the government in a landmark ruling on employment discrimination.
Iranian football goalkeeper Sosha Makani has been banned from social media for six months.
Austria's Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win a World Cup downhill race with victory in Austria on Sunday.
Safety advice has been issued after two hoverboards caught fire in London in the space of a month.
England and Ireland have been drawn in the same group for the inaugural Women's World Twenty20 in India.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotel guest has been ordered to pay more than £7,000 after a man fell from a balcony.
Former business secretary Sir Vince Cable says vocational education is a "fundamental part" of the modern education system.
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved from closure.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death nine years ago have said they have been "let down" by the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the financial year.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the return of the Chagos Islands to the US.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be asked to star alongside Matt Damon in Kenneth Lonergan's drama Manchester by the Sea, but admits it was "the antithesis of what our culture has come to be".
Sri Lankan pirates have freed the crew of a tanker seized off the coast of Somalia, officials say.
A young girl has been fostered by a Muslim family in east London.
A fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry is being treated as arson.
Drivers who enter a restricted area of a busy street in York are to be warned of a fine.
BMW has reported record profits for the first three months of the year, boosted by the sale of its stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Being optimistic about the future can be a good way to improve your health, say researchers.
Durham Tees Valley Airport has announced it will begin flying non-stop between Glasgow and Edinburgh from next month.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest groundwater reserves in sub-Saharan Africa.
Charlton moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over relegation-threatened Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Scotland Under-20 internationals Sam Rae and Manu Bhatti on two-year deals.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa with a hamstring injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is one of the oldest tennis tournaments in the world.
The driver of a bus which caught fire in North Lanarkshire has been praised for keeping everyone safe.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are among the most likely UK cities to suffer from a "hard" Brexit, according to a new analysis.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in southern Italy after a huge wildfire broke out near the volcano of Vesuvius.
A woman has been appointed as the new bishop of Gloucester.
Alassane Ouattara has been elected president of Ivory Coast for a second time.
If you want to know what's going on at the world's biggest events, you might want to ask Eventbrite chief executive Amit Aggarwal.
Ospreys moved into second place in the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingsley Jones' Stadium.
When I heard that Zica, the name of a car, was going to be used in India for the first time, I was a bit taken aback.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of a restructuring plan.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Ryan Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Ken Zohore for any player in the Championship this season.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was beaten to death outside his barracks in Powys.
Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, have paid a surprise visit to a South African fruit stall in south-east London.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a remote beach in New Zealand, officials say.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland supporters not to boo his side in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey maintained their 100% start to the County Championship season with victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of travelling to Syria have been released, Scotland Yard has said.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces have been rated "inadequate" for reducing crime.
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts in Birmingham to take over some of the schools caught up in claims of extremism, BBC News understands.
Turkish Super League champions Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Abdoulaye Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev.
A man who was jailed for three years for sending a tweet about the closure of Robin Hood Airport is appealing against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it time for a leaderless organisation where no boss is needed?
A plane forced to make an emergency landing at a Midlands airport because of a problem with an escape chute has been cleared by investigators.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the one-day series against South Africa.
A Glasgow hospital has apologised after some patients had to wait more than a year to have a corneal operation.
A court in Germany has begun the trial of seven people accused of trying to bomb asylum-seeker shelters in the eastern city of Dresden.
All political parties in Wales should reflect on the impact of EU funding on the economy, the Welsh Secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi, who was convicted of carrying out the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, has died at the age of 69.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in northern Iraq.
A video has gone viral of people swimming and canoeing in flood water in parts of the UK.
Telecoms company TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to 31 March.
Brewing giant Heineken has been told it must submit plans to sell more than 1,000 Punch pubs in the UK.
A new technology centre is being set up in Aberdeen to help oil and gas operators develop new technology.
Sunderland striker Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply" of drugs in the Republic of Ireland have been jailed.
In the run-up to the BBC's School Report News Day on 16 March 2017, there are some important questions and answers about setting up web pages.
An Iron Age hill fort in the Vale of Glamorgan may have been a stronghold of the Silurian tribe before it was defeated by the Romans, archaeologists believe.
A gun has been fired at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against the closure of Kids Company, the UK's oldest children's charity.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of wasting up to £6m on running a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children could face poverty as a result of government changes to benefits, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled in order to cope with the impact of technological change, according to a new report.
A US judge has sentenced a former al-Qaeda suspect to life in prison for bombing two US embassies in Tanzania.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage winger Kadeem Harris from Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The UK government's decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point is a major blow to the relationship between the two countries.
Tributes have been paid to a Glamorgan cricketer who has died in hospital.
A senior al-Qaeda figure, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has been killed in a US drone strike in Libya.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City midfielder Ben Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Tom Williams scored his first goal for Doncaster as they came from behind to beat Doncaster Rovers.
Nottingham Forest activist John Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming the club's new chairman.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch at their Super League match against Warrington.
Plans for a multimillion-pound redevelopment of Keynsham town centre have been given the go-ahead.
Connacht have signed New Zealand prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a charity out of thousands of pounds.
Too many offenders in England and Wales are being turned away from unpaid work by the courts, a report has found.
Tommy Seymour will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes in Dublin on Tuesday.
Adele's latest single, Hello, has become the most downloaded song of the year in the UK.
The search for a man who has been missing for more than a week has been "exhaustive and challenging".
Talks aimed at averting further strikes by Durham County Council's teaching assistants have ended without agreement.
Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said she has received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England and Wales in the run-up to the general election.
The melting of the Arctic sea ice is set to continue for at least another week, the BBC has learned.
A man who became the first gay man in the UK to marry has said he has received death threats and threats since the ceremony.
Cornwall reached the National League final for the first time in their history with a 27-19 win over Surrey.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched in Conwy to celebrate the town's 150th anniversary.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Plans to improve the A1 in Worthing have been branded a "sham" by two councils.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and his Uefa counterpart Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a huge square megalithic monument in a Gloucestershire village.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Welsh Devils head coach Rob Bowns says his side are the best team in the Elite League.
A boy who developed a rare neuromuscular disorder after being given a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police in Wales are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns.
The lawyers of a former Belfast murder suspect have said they are "disappointed" by a decision by the PSNI not to release tapes of interviews he gave on the Boston College project.
Cardiff City midfielder Ezequiel Ecuele Manga has been diagnosed with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers scored two first-half goals to beat Cambridge United in the EFL Cup first round.
As an MEP for the UK Independence Party (UKIP), David Gill has had his fair share of criticism.
The family of a motorcyclist who died following a crash in Strachan, County Down, have paid tribute to him.
Bees could be driven closer to extinction if the UK continues to have bad weather, experts have warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action in Syria has been hailed as a historic moment for the UK.
A gunman has opened fire on a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding at least six people, police say.
Sony is to stop selling its Reader e-readers in Europe, the company has confirmed.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from the Temple Mount complex in Jerusalem's Old City in the wake of the killing of two Israeli policemen.
A summit to discuss ways to reduce the risk of flooding in Wales has been held in Cardiff.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can challenge for the Premier League title this season.
A police dog has been put down after being attacked by a dog handler.
An artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot called Eugene has passed the Turing Test for the first time, according to its organisers.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Mohamed El Shehaby has withdrawn from the men's middleweight final after being booed by the crowd at Rio 2016.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa, one of Africa's largest economies, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a 3D scan that can detect a protein in the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says there is no reason why she cannot win the women's singles title at Wimbledon.
The rollout of the UK's smart meters programme has been delayed for a third time.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for the penalty for parking offences to be reduced to £45.
A senior Conservative activist has told the BBC he was given a dossier detailing allegations of bullying by the party's youth wing leader in 2010.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Holyhead.
St Ronan's Magherafelt have been knocked out of the All-Ireland Football semi-finals after a 0-19 to 0-13 defeat by St Mary's Bessbrook.
Two high-resolution Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a poor village in northern India has passed his secondary school exams.
Marine accident investigators have called for an urgent review of lifejacket testing following the deaths of three fishermen.
More than 1,000 ancient sites have been discovered by using satellite technology, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of BBC One's romantic comedy show Miranda has been watched by a record number of viewers, according to overnight figures.
When Apple unveiled the $10,000 Apple Watch at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this month, it was one of the biggest tech announcements of the year.
A North Lanarkshire firm is to become the first company in the UK to have its product stocked in a major supermarket.
The Local Government Association (LGA) has compiled a list of the "slightly amusing" 999 calls made to councils in England and Wales in the past year.
The only painted representation of the coronation of Charles V has been found in a park in County Durham.
Plans for a McDonald's fast food restaurant in Aberdeenshire have been given the go-ahead by the planning inspector.
Mental health patients detained in police cells for "unacceptable hours" are being sent to A&E departments, a hospital boss has said.
Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" after announcing his retirement from golf.
It will be Cardiff's turn to host the European Champions League final.
Take-Two has announced plans to create an e-sports league based on the NBA's NBA 2K video game series.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire.
The list goes on and on: a first Olympic gold medal, a second Olympic gold, a third Olympic gold.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed striker Scott Sinclair on a season-long loan deal.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the third time with victory on stage seven.
The former road manager of Elvis Presley has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, with Easyjet and IAG among the biggest fallers.
One of the last flying Lancasters of World War Two has been forced to make an emergency landing at an airport after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title is a "tragedy", says Chelsea boss Antonio Conte.
If you want to see a rock band or solo artist perform in your hometown or city, you might want to think again.
Microsoft has announced a new set of Halo titles for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to the musicians and performers who have died in recent days.
Home Secretary Theresa May should consider banning two prominent anti-Islam activists from entering the UK, a committee of MPs has said.
US President Barack Obama has called on Democrats to "send some signals of unity" in the aftermath of the election.
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a train crash in the Indian state of Odisha, police say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
A sports presenter has been charged with drink driving after being found to be over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer has described the "horrific carnage" that followed the deaths of two students at a nightclub.
A woman and her two-year-old child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal".
Defending champion Jimmy Carter says he is "a million miles away" from the top level after being beaten by Michael Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
The sister of a woman diagnosed with terminal brain cancer has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl" who has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates unchanged.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the Brazilian capital, Rio de Janeiro, ahead of the World Cup qualifier between Italy and Uruguay.
Cardiff City missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists who posed naked at Machu Picchu in Peru have been questioned by police.
At least four chemicals have exploded in the Chinese port city of Tianjin, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more.
More than 4,600 teachers in England are working alongside unqualified staff, according to a teachers' union survey.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to campaign for the party to win the next general election.
The genetic make-up of the modern human population has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a boutique which has been linked to the so-called Islamic State group has said she is considering changing its name.
Police are investigating claims of historical abuse at Gordonstoun School in Dumfries and Galloway.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the party will commit to a "clear plan" for the country's railways to be renationalised.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted and raped by a teacher in France has spoken for the first time about the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the signing of France Under-19 international forward Yannick Bolasie.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in June, according to official figures.
Fortuna Sittard have appointed former Nigeria international Victor Oliseh as their new head coach.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across Scotland.
One of the world's longest aircraft has returned to the airfield where it was last flown in 1966.
A couple from Wiltshire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A group of giant ice balls have been discovered in Siberia.
Channel Island football club St Peter's have been told they will have to pay £10,000 to play in the FA Cup.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to star in a new film, according to reports.
A new cyber security group is being set up in Denbighshire.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Qatar tested positive for banned drugs, according to a study by Harvard University.
Wicketkeeper-batsman James Vince has been named in the England T20 squad for the World Cup in India.
The final resting place of a Scottish lion tamer has been found, according to the singer who wrote his song Dora.
Flying Scotsman, one of the world's most famous steam locomotives, has been given a new colour scheme to mark its return to service.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron will be the next film to be released at this year's Comic-Con convention in Los Angeles, director Joss Whedon has announced.
Every morning at Moco-Moco Primary School, the clock ticks down to zero.
A snake thought to be one of the deadliest snakes in the world has been euthanised by the Scottish SPCA.
A convicted paedophile who travelled to the US to have sex with two young brothers has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
The world's biggest wrestling organisation is making its debut in China, and it's not the first time it's done so.
Police in the US city of San Antonio have charged a driver with human trafficking after 20 people were found dead inside a trailer at a Walmart in Texas.
A Londonderry police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to protect two young children has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru, Funkin and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in sales in the first half of the year.
A young black man has been shot dead by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, hours after the killing of an unarmed black teenager a year ago.
It's not every day that Madonna releases a promo for her new album.
Matt Grigg's injury-time goal earned League One leaders Wigan a point against League Two leaders Colchester.
Actress Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Facebook and Apple are expanding their maternity leave policies to include egg freezing and cryopreservation, in a bid to attract more female talent.
Muhammad Ali would have picked Wladimir Klitschko and Joe Frazier apart, according to former WBA heavyweight champion Bill Shavers.
The Bank of England has held its key interest rate at 0.5%.
When the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs in the best-of-seven World Series at Wrigley Field on Sunday, it was the first time the two teams have played in the same World Series.
The Queen has delivered the first of a series of Brexit bills to the House of Commons.
The role of the RSPCA should be "separated" between its public interest role and its commercial role, an MP has said.
Google has expanded its Street View service to include images of the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a charity swim in the seaside town of Tenby.
HSBC has appointed former Prudential chief executive David Tucker as its new chief executive.
The US will sustain a durable international effort to tackle climate change, says its lead negotiator, Dr James Pershing.
Marc Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he went missing from a nightclub.
The government is set to publish its draft plan for tackling air pollution in the UK by the end of May, the BBC has learned.
A memorial to police officers and staff who have died in the line of duty is to be built in Staffordshire.
James Whyte and Conor Forsythe both scored in stoppage time as Crusaders beat Linfield 2-1 to secure their first win of the season.
ScotRail is to recruit up to 100 new train drivers over the next three years.
The FBI has accused Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak of misusing millions of dollars from the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu hanfon i wahanol lefydd hefyd yn ôl yr angen.
Police in Germany say they are investigating a growing number of fake fathers claiming to be the fathers of migrant children.
Fines for breaches of EU data protection laws have risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Turin Shroud has gone on public display for the first time in more than a decade in the Italian city.
Plans to charge people from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales are "an absolute distraction", the health secretary has said.
North Korea says it carried out its first test of a hydrogen bomb on Wednesday.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of retired clergyman John McDiarmid.
A campaign group has accused the Scottish government of a "sham consultation" over its named person policy.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Everton midfielder James Browning on loan until the end of the season.
Thousands of people from across Scotland are being recruited to take part in a new study into family health.
David is still walking down the street in the French city of Aubervilliers.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time this year.
Daimler, Germany's second-biggest carmaker, has reported record sales in the second quarter of the year, helped by strong demand in China.
The Iranian president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, has said the government of Syria does not have the right to kill its opponents.
Nintendo has reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles fell.
Huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten at Burton.
It's not every day you see a road sign painted with the word "claer" in the middle of the road.
A British aid worker who was abducted and beheaded in Pakistan died as a result of decapitation, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Caroline Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A High Court judge has ruled in favour of a wind farm scheme in Gwynedd.
China has launched its first online court, allowing people to take legal action in the cyber-space.
South Korean conglomerate Samsung C&T has been approved by shareholders of the South Korean conglomerate.
Plans to sell a statue of an Egyptian court official valued at more than £2m have been put on hold.
Lancashire have been relegated from Division One of the County Championship for the first time in their history.
A "heavy gambler" dismembered his friend's body and dumped it in his own flat, a court has heard.
Former UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the latest politician to fall foul of the Kremlin's anti-corruption campaign.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable victory over Queen of the South at Ibrox.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of £5m from the government, it has been announced.
A Devon teenager has set a new world record for the fastest single-handed sailing round the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Chris Sidwell wants to stay in the Premier League next season.
A former health board boss who moved to Wales to get cancer treatment has called for more investment in the NHS.
Matt Disley scored a late winner as Forest Green beat Grimsby to keep alive their hopes of automatic promotion from League Two.
A giant crystal model built by a British scientist is to attempt to break the world record for the largest lattice of atoms.
Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky, has died at the age of 93.
Belfast's transport minister Michael Hazzard has outlined plans to extend bus lanes in the city.
Donald Trump's election risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it most, according to Atlanticist analysis of the relationship between the two countries.
Red Bull say they have reached a compromise with Formula 1 bosses over the introduction of a new qualifying system.
Britain's Paul Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship with a 6-3 win over American Mark Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian TV channels have been airing conflicting accounts of the fighting between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries to help Worcestershire fight back on day three against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in the wake of the death of Glasgow shopkeeper Shoaib Shah.
Spotify, the music streaming service, has announced plans to offer non-music content to its subscribers for a year.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Simon Mignolet needs to make a "perfect" save for his side's second-half comeback against Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about the dangers of the Falklands War is to share his memories with a group of veterans.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson set a new world record in the long jump to win the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
The election of Donald Trump as US president and Jeremy Corbyn as the Labour Party's leader has been hailed as a victory for authenticity.
Southampton have signed midfielder Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its decision to allow a Welsh AM to stand for the party's leadership.
Australian authorities say they are "very much in the gathering of evidence" over the death of five people in a plane crash.
A German court has sentenced a Dutch Nazi war criminal to life in prison for killing three people during World War Two.
A Palestinian woman whose house was set on fire in the occupied West Bank has died in hospital, Israeli officials say.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been re-elected for a third term in office.
Lenders are more confident about making repayments on unsecured loans than they were in the first quarter of the year, a bank has said.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
More than 130 jobs have been put at risk by the closure of Glasgow's Arches nightclub, an MSP has said.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $2.2bn (£1.3bn) in a share sale.
The mother of a 17-year-old boy who has gone missing in the UK has appealed for help to find him.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed full-back Alex O'Meara on a two-year deal.
Work is under way to repair a railway station which has been closed for more than a year.
Torquay made it back-to-back National League wins with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
The Foreign Office has defended the government's handling of a petition calling for a second EU referendum.
A man who murdered teenager Paige Williams has been given a further life sentence.
A group of anti-corruption campaigners have launched a legal challenge to the election of the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
The Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be revived in a bid to celebrate the author's 100th birthday.
A Somali government minister has been shot dead by security forces in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield Town goalkeeper James Ward says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A teenager's body was found in a park on Christmas Eve, an inquest has heard.
A selection of images from around the world that we wish to share with the BBC News website.
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in Reading and Wokingham.
Canada's federal government has launched an inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released.
The NHS is to set up a breast implant registry to allow patients who received faulty implants to be traced swiftly, the health secretary has announced.
A self-driving robot has been run over by a building in the US city of San Francisco.
A 15-year-old girl has been raped in Bristol.
If you want to be a video game maker, you have to start at the age of 11.
Bob Jungels won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Movistar's Gorka Izagirre retained the overall lead.
The rise in international visitors to the UK has been fuelled by the fall in the value of the pound, according to new figures.
The Irish foreign minister has said he is considering an application for the release of an Irishman who has been accused of inciting violence in Egypt.
A florist in Reading has been targeted by a phishing scam.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a bill to ban the cross-examination of rape victims by lawyers asking questions about their sexual history.
Former Rangers youth coach David Durrant is to leave the club at the end of the season.
Arsenal Ladies have reached the Women's Super League One semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Cornish Reds head coach Dave Churcher says his side's performance against Chinnor was a "hard-fought" performance.
As Wales coach, I'm looking forward to the next phase of my career.
A leading candidate in the race to become the next leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has been allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Nottingham Open.
The owner of a van Gogh painting which was hung in a cafe in London has said it is not a known work by the artist.
A new exhibition celebrating the birth of the UK's first living giraffe has opened in London.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has announced that it will delay the launch of a rover on Mars in 2018.
Meet Katie, she's a marathon runner with epilepsy who's been taking part in the London Marathon.
Tom Davies hit a career-best 43 to help Yorkshire reach the final of the T20 Blast at Lord's.
French police say they have ended security checks at Paris Central Station after a suspected terrorist attack.
Scientists have used 3D imaging to identify cancerous cells growing in the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as monsoon rains continue to cause flooding.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
At least 10 people have been killed in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state after a group of vigilantes went to villages to kill Boko Haram militants, an MP has told the BBC.
With just over a month to go until the general election, there are still a few bills to deal with in the House of Commons.
It is one of the most iconic buildings in the world.
Jess Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster ride.
Microsoft has teamed up with a Spanish telecommunications company to build the world's highest-capacity sub-sea cable.
The Queen has attended New Year's Day church service at Sandringham, Buckingham Palace has said.
The father of Edward Snowden, the former US National Security Agency contractor who leaked thousands of classified documents, has arrived in Russia.
Researchers in California have developed a device that can safely transmit power to a rabbit's internal organs using electromagnetic waves.
Salford Red Devils full-back Tom Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car overturned on the M74(M) in County Tyrone.
The Cuban government says it is "disappointed" by President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the US.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in south west Wales is at its highest level for three years, Public Health Wales has said.
A Chinese passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 162 on board.
Two new species of flowering magnolia have been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
The role of carers in supporting children's development is to be enhanced under a new Welsh government plan.
A Scottish man has been playing bagpipes in space for the first time since the death of a US astronaut.
Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" when he returns to training on Tuesday.
Kirsty Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Brondby.
A couple from Falkirk have scooped £55m in the Euromillions lottery.
It's been a day of terror in Brussels, Belgium.
A former Soviet soldier has appeared in court in the US in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has given the go-ahead to two development bids for the derelict city hall.
Mark Macphee is delighted Northern Ireland have qualified for next summer's European Championship.
Badgers in England are to be vaccinated against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
The quality of the UK's most common urinary catheters is "inadequate", a leading expert has said.
Chelsea striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Sunday because of a knock.
The Cuban government has accused a perfume company of using the names of the revolutionary leaders Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez in its products.
A Conservative councillor has resigned after a racist tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to consider "specific and overarching issues" over its treatment of black students, a review has found.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the world's largest concentration camps.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Conwy county.
Formula 1 bosses have announced a series of major changes to the sport, including the return of refuelling and the introduction of the fuel-flow limit.
A shop in Londonderry has been hit by a stolen car, police have said.
A murder investigation has been launched after a 31-year-old man was found dead at his home in North Lanarkshire.
The ejector seats of a jet that crashed on to the A27 in East Sussex in August were not updated in the time before the crash, investigators have said.
There was a lot of praise for Narendra Modi on the streets of Delhi on Tuesday.
All photographs courtesy of the National Museums Liverpool.
A new £35m cancer research centre has been given the go-ahead by the University of Manchester.
Great Britain won the men's and women's 10,000m races on the final day of the World Championships in Glasgow.
A fire has broken out at a Grade II listed mansion in Edinburgh.
Wolves manager Paul Lambert has sent a "clear message" to his players about what their job is on the field, according to defender Gylfi Bodvarsson.
Work has begun to demolish a former factory in Foyle, County Londonderry.
A man who stabbed a fellow burglar to death and stole a number of items has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits, blaming the impact of the football and horse racing events.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of Ipswich Airport's closure.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine off the coast of Cumbria.
A three-year-old boy has been reunited with his lost lion toy after it was returned to his father's home.
The idea that soldiers spent most of their time in trenches during World War One is "shocking", according to a new study.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to adopt sign language as their official language.
A new map of the wiring of the developing human brain is being developed by scientists in the UK.
Wayne Rooney should stay in the England squad after the 2018 World Cup, says former captain Frank Lampard.
The owner of a car which crashed into a shop in County Tyrone has said he is "very lucky" to be alive.
For many European leaders, the UK's departure from the European Union is a huge blow.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a street.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work for the family.
Demolition of a Denbighshire hospital has been delayed because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday, helped by a rise in commodity prices.
The former chief executive of Virgin Money, Jayne-Anne Gadhia, is to lead a review of the student support system in Scotland.
SeaWorld has been given permission to expand its marine park in San Diego, California.
It's the last full match day of the 2016-17 English Football League season.
Derbyshire have released all three of their players, including James Milnes, Adam Lewis and Liam McKay, from their contracts.
The number of people buying homes in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, according to surveyors.
The leader of the Newport Regeneration Group has said he is "confident" a vote on the M4 relief road will be held.
A British soldier has been killed in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has confirmed.
If you're a new user of Twitter, you might want to check back regularly to see if you've missed anything.
It was a night that will go down in Liverpool's history as one of the greatest moments in the club's history.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the title track for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said she will launch a legal challenge against the Northern Ireland secretary.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should be given a two-year ban for using anabolic steroids, says former world champion Martina Minichiello.
Girls and boys are being recruited to sing in Gloucester Cathedral for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 2-2 overtime defeat by North Korea in their opening game of the Women's EuroHockey Championship.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of Hurricane Matthew on Haiti.
Skyscanner has reported record revenues for 2015, helped by strong growth in the number of people visiting its website.
The first all-new taxi factory in the West Midlands has opened.
A third man has been arrested in connection with a stabbing in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the significance of the United Nations.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than 50% since November, according to the Bank of England.
A new whisky distillery is to open in the Scottish Borders.
BBC Radio 1 is to move its Official Chart Show from Sunday to Friday evenings for the first time in five years.
Tens of thousands of people in the world are dying every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will be the "dominant force" in tennis going forward if he stays fit and healthy, says former world number one Martyn Henman.
Michael Higgins clinched his first ranking title with a 7-6 victory over Mark Bingham in the final of the World Championship.
Schools in the United States have the highest number of sleep deprived students, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has taken to the streets of Washington for his first official day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former scout said he was sexually abused by a scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Powys have been submitted to Powys council.
Newcastle United striker Jonny Evans and Newcastle midfielder N'Golo Cisse could face up to a three-match ban for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy has died after suffering a head injury at a party in south-east London.
Cardiff City midfielder David Hoilett says he was "100% ready" to work under new manager Neil Warnock.
The RMT union has accused the Scottish government of "a fallacy" over claims that train operator Abellio is making excessive profits.
Former Ireland batsman Kate Shillington has retired from one-day internationals after her side were beaten by South Africa in their World Twenty20 qualifier.
West Ham referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his red card in the FA Cup defeat by Manchester United, with former players calling him "disgraceful".
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) offered "no evidence" in more than half of all dropped criminal cases in England and Wales last year, figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The finances of four health boards in Wales have deteriorated by more than £100m in the past year, according to the latest figures from the Welsh Government.
South African gymnast Jack MacKenzie has returned to the UK to train with a British coach.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a street attack.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong jobs figures and a rebound in the price of oil.
A man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract.
This week could be one of the hottest on record in the UK.
A minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review says.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show after more than 20 years in the job.
The Scottish government has made payments totalling Â£343m to farmers and crofters, the agriculture minister has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being convicted of driving, drugs, alcohol and other offences, figures show.
Fans of Nintendo's Switch console have complained of "stuck or dead pixels" in the middle of the screen, the company has said.
Carl Frampton will take on Leo Santa Cruz in a world featherweight unification bout on Saturday.
A bus lane in central Lancashire is to stay open until at least April, the county council has said.
Sean Ervine hit his second County Championship century of the season as Somerset dominated day two against Hampshire at Taunton.
Photographer Stella O'Dowd has been working in Saudi Arabia since the beginning of the year, photographing the country's skyline in the form of neon lights.
More than 5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out by malicious extensions, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no desire" to revisit the question of whether Australia should become a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Boxing is a sport that is meant to be enjoyed by all.
Theresa May's visit to the West Midlands and Yorkshire has been a key part of Jeremy Corbyn's strategy for winning the general election.
A film about the founder of one of the world's first Buddhist institutes has been screened in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for the elderly in England.
A teenager has gone on trial accused of causing the death of his girlfriend by careless driving.
There is "no compelling evidence" that a tumble dryer caused a fire which killed two men, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned all military personnel from drinking and driving on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
The House of Commons has voted overwhelmingly in favour of a secret ballot on the re-election of Speaker John Bercow.
Gangnam Style, the video by Psy, has become the most-watched YouTube video of all time.
Widnes Vikings maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
A three-parent baby has been born in Ukraine using the genes of a mother and her partner, according to reports.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures following a review of their services.
Gareth O'Brien's last-minute drop-goal secured Hull KR's place in the Challenge Cup final against Salford Red Devils.
When Chilla Bangsa graduated from a Turkish lycee school in the Indonesian city of Nairobi in July, she was excited about her future.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One after being held to a draw by Nottingham Forest.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables they did not eat at school, according to a survey.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed into a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A captain of a container ship has been fined for drinking while on duty.
The race to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has divided opinion in the United States and Mexico.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in the Iranian capital, Tehran, amid a diplomatic row between the two countries over its nuclear programme.
League Two leaders Stevenage were held to a goalless draw at Cambridge United.
Star Wars actor Harrison Ford has said he is "shocked" after his caravan was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to speak at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (ECC) later this month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of full face veils was justifiable.
A man has appeared in court charged with the display of a banner at Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Rangers.
Footage has emerged showing a shopper hitting a woman in the head with a bacon packet in Manchester.
At a house in La Paz in Bolivia's north-eastern Bolivian state, a small box of film fragments was found.
The US Federal Reserve has said it expects to raise interest rates by 0.25% in December.
A disabled Isle of Wight MP has been asked to stand down as the party's candidate in the general election.
Do you know what it takes to become a WWE Superstar?
The popular mobile game Flappy Bird has been taken offline.
Hundreds of people have lined the streets of Brighton to protest against the rising number of people drowning in the sea.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship to help the Queen in her duties as head of state.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
The trial of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius, accused of killing his girlfriend with a cricket bat, has begun in the capital, Pretoria.
During World War Two, many people were forced to flee their homes because of the lack of food supplies.